3 shows the f1 scores of the models trained on the multi - news dataset for the amr and psd datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . table 3 shows that the average f1 score of the model is significantly higher than those of the previous models . we conjecture that the performance obtained by pre - training the model may vary depending on the size of the data set and the number of frames in the dataset , but we do not consider this as a significant performance drop . our model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of both id and pas , indicating that the model performs well in the edit setup .
3 shows the performance of our model on the bert and biobert datasets . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on both datasets with a large margin . mednli ( m ) achieves the best performance with a bert score of 82 . 71 / 83 . 86 on the biobert dataset and 83 . 63 / 84 . 63 on the bibert dataset with an absolute improvement of 2 . 36 / 4 . 55 points over the previous best state of the art model .
2 shows the performance ( across 100 seeds ) of elmo on the sst2 task . on the a - but - b sentence , it shows a slight improvement over the performance of the no - project model on negation .
shown in table 3 , the accuracies of the baseline and elmo ( over 100 seeds ) on neutral sentences are shown in fig . 3 . using fleiss ’ kappa also improves the interpretability of the sentence prediction .
concept input and label design are presented in table iii . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . embeddings are selected based on the best quality of the input and the number of parameters for each label . for example , glove embeddings can be used as a standalone or as a part of a multi - decoder framework for embedding documents in the production setting . the type of input used for the concept input is described in section 1 . the type of output used for this task is the " description " . the type and distribution of the output are described in the section 1 and section 2 . the combination of input and output methods further improves the results for both models . for the embedding part of the data , we label the output with the corresponding label or a label according to the label ' s label length . for both datasets , we include the label " gloveve " in the label description . the label and the associated label are used to label the data with the highest quality .
concept input and description are presented in table iii . the results of the best performing method are shown in the table . for the idf embeddings , we used only one type of input , i . e . gloveve . we used only single - input methods for embedding the concept in the production setting . label and label the number of parameters used for the embedding of the concept can vary depending on the distribution of the input and the label size . embeddings are selected based on a variety of factors , including the number of participants in the development set and the type of validation set . we included only the top - of - the - model ( yuan et al . , 2018 ) for the concept input . for the description part , we included only one capsule capsule capsule . we also included capsule capsule capsules for the production set as well as for the retail set . the capsule capsule contains the name of the capsule capsule and contains the label ' s label and the corresponding label number . the label contains all the information required to embed the concept . the type of capsule capsule is used for both the production and retail set of the idf . the size of capsule capsules is small but the distribution is large , with a minimum of 10 participants per label . we used capsule capsule for the training set and both the retail and production set .
results are shown in table 1 . we show the results of experiment 1 on topic science and topic_science . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . as the results show , the proposed method outperforms the previous stateof - the - art on all metrics except topic science . from the above table , we observe that the proposed topic_wiki embeddings perform better than the original ones .
3 shows the results for cnn and lstm with the model trained on the burkhard - keller et al . ( 2014 ) model . the results are shown in table 3 . all models except bl + c - lstm are full on the cnn dataset , while the other models do not include models with more than 50 models . table 3 : the results of the model with the maximum number of iterations in the full attention set , the number of models in the dataset , and the percentage of models that can be used for this task are reported in tables 3 and 4 .
results for the wmt en - de and wmt de - en datasets are shown in table 3 . the wmt model achieves the best results with a 2 . 57 × improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model . table 3 shows the results for both wmt and iwslt with respect to speedup and de - en . as shown in the second group of tables 3 and 4 , the performance of the model with the best performance on both datasets is reported in table 1 . we empirically found that using the four - step wmt en - de model improves the performance by 2 . 59 × over the baseline .
2 shows the performance of our model with two hidden and one hidden size . the results are presented in table 2 . we can see from table 2 that the use of the hidden size bridges the gap between the true response and the false response . with the size of our hidden size , we can further improve the results by 2 - 2 . 5 points .
results are shown in table 3 . transformer outperforms transformer and transformer ( n = 6 ) by a significant margin in terms of accuracy . as expected , the performance of transformer underperforms both loglstm and lstm due to the large size of the data set and the high number of stacked cnns in the training set .
4 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . transformer significantly outperforms the other 3 models in terms of accuracy on movie review dataset ( see table 4 ) .
results are shown in table 3 . the first bilstm achieved the best performance in terms of accuracy on a single shot dataset . it also beat the previous best performance on the multi - shot dataset by a noticeable margin . video also had a big impact on accuracy as well , showing that the accuracy of the shot selection was in range of between 0 . 5 and 2 . 5 seconds .
results on ptb ( table 6 ) are shown in table 6 . the top 3 models achieved the best performance with a minimum of 97 . 55 % accuracy on the validation set . the second model performed slightly worse than the best previous model by a large margin .
results are shown in table 3 . the top 3 models show the performance of the best 3 models on the test set . bilstm significantly outperforms the other 3 models in terms of f1 score on both tests . apart of the fact that the model performs well on both test set , the results of the 3 models are slightly less striking than those of the previous 3 models .
2 shows the e2e scores of the best models on the development set . our model outperforms all the competition models except for the one that appears in the most recent published literature ( h . elder et al . , 2013 ) . moreover , the model that best on dev . is the best on account of the dev .
3 shows the results of the model on development set and avg ± sd of ten runs . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that appears on dev set . this indicates that the model is well - equipped to handle the task of development set . we observe that the training set size and the number of runs taken to compile the model are the most important factors in model success .
shown in table 4 , increasing the number of layers significantly boosts bleu significantly with minimal impact on speedup . using only one layer reduces the speedup significantly with negligible impact on performance . similarly , using only 6 layers significantly decreases bleu ,
4 shows the e2e and webnlg development set results in the format avg ± sd . bleu shows a slight improvement over the performance of rouge - l when trained with only one human reference . as expected , the improvement is modest but significant , we suspect that bleus may have underestimated the human contribution to the model ' s development set in the low - supervision settings . it is clear from table 4 that the improvements are due to the high accuracy of the human reference and the low recall . we conjecture that the improvement may be due to increased recall of reference information .
results are shown in table 3 . as expected , the overall correctness results are lower than those of the word embeddings . however , overall correctness is higher than the overall accuracy due to the smaller size of the error pool and the lower quality of the semantic information . we also observe that the information . dropped in the edit process is less effective than the other methods of adding information , as shown in the second group of results , we also see that the accuracy drop as a result of the increased attention span and the reduced number of errors from the last group of features being added . further , the accuracy drops as the additional information is added is less than the accuracy of the original ones . finally , we see that when info . dropped was used as part of edit process , the error reductions were larger than those from the original edit process . in addition , the sentence quality drops significantly as the time to edit is increased , we notice that the semantic features that were added during edit process are less stable than those in the original one .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the number of instances in which the word e2e was used as the character for the webnlg webnlg was larger than the original human . the error rates for the average number of frames in the average human sentence are lower than those for the original word , as a result , the error rates are higher for both the original and the debiased embeddings . table 3 shows the results for each of the three scenarios . with the exception of the one in the original case when there was a gap of 2 . 5 ± 0 . 0 and the two in the subtraction case , we see that the average error rate for both scenarios is much lower than that of the original one . finally , we observe that for the two scenarios in which word e was used , the accuracy drops significantly .
experimental results for 10 random test instances of a word - based model trained with synthetic training data from two different templates . the results are shown in table 7 . we observe that the reranker model performs better than the template 1 + 2 model in terms of the number of correct texts among the top n hypotheses .
experimental results of abstractive summarization on gigaword test set with rouge metric are shown in table 1 . the top section shows the performance of our model with attention , and the bottom section shows our model ' s oracle performance . we managed to replicate the best performance with a minimum of effort , but we were unable to replicate it with any success .
experimental results of extractive summarization on google data set are shown in table 2 . contextual match is an unsupervised baseline used in filippova and altun ( 2013 ) and applies a compression rate of 82 . 1 % on average compared to the previous best state - of - the - art baseline . contextual match is a relatively high success rate compared to contextual match , and is comparable to the best state of the art oracle model .
3 compares the performance of different model choices in relation to extractive r2 and extractive cr . we observe that for all models that have cat and / or cat features , the performance is significantly worse than the extractive rl model . similarly , for the two models that do not have cat , performance is markedly worse than that of the other two models .
3 shows the official evaluation results of the submitted runs on the test set of table 3 . in most setups , the models trained on the submitted data are already well - equipped to perform this task . however , for the two scenarios , the model can be significantly worse than the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of class performance .
3 shows the results obtained by jointly training the two decoders with the same target language . predicted parse vs . predicted gold parse ( separate ) parsed prediction vs . gold parse ( joint ) parsed prediction shows a significant performance improvement over the ground - truth chunk sequence in the target language , while the gold parsing shows a slight performance drop . exact match evaluation shows the performance gain obtained by training the same token decoder with different target language features .
performance of our decoder with the exception of the auto - regressive sick - rnn as decoder and the multi - decoder decoder . we observe that the sst model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of decoder decoding . furthermore , it performs slightly worse than the uniform sampling model , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing multiple decoders .
3 shows the decoder performance of each decoder type compared to the previous stateof - the - art decoder . for example , rnn performs better than cnn , sick - r and sst14 , both for word embeddings and for sentence prediction . moreover , the accuracy of each decoder is considerably better than the other encoders .
2 shows bleu scores for training nmt models with full word and byte pair encoded vocabularies . we also include the scores for wmt en - fi and wmt ro - en . the results are shown in table 2 . the wmt models limit vocabulary size to 50k . with the exception of the wmt embeddings , the size of the vocabulary is small but the performance is high . with the expansion of vocabulary , we can further reduce the performance of the models .
model lstm - word has ≈ 5m parameters and is comparable to char - cnn . syl - lstm is comparable in features with cnn , syl - sum and syl - concat . we observe that the model performs better than all the other models except syl - cnn - 2 .
results are shown in table 3 . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that has the worst performance on the fr / de test set . in addition , we observe that the performance gap between the two models is narrower than those of the other two baselines . we observe that data - s significantly outperforms both the original and syl - sum datasets by a significant margin .
5 shows the results of replacing lstm with a variational rhn . the results are shown in table 5 . our model obtains a comparable performance to the original rhn with a comparable number of parameters . however , our model performs slightly worse than the original embeddings . we observe that the performance gain from a larger pool of data is due to the larger size of the data pool .
1 shows the performance of our method with respect to validation on fever title one . the results are shown in table 1 . as expected , our method significantly improves the performance for both validation and the validation set .
2 shows the performance of esim on fever title five and the related oracle datasets . the results are presented in table 2 . esim significantly outperforms transformer on both the fever and title five datasets .
3 : percentage of evidence retrieved from first half of development set from tfidf ( 71 . 1 % ) to 90 . 1 % , which shows the effectiveness of multi - evidence approach . also , the percentage of unigram embeddings in our system shows that the use of multiple tags helps the system to better interpret the information .
4 shows the fever score of various systems using ne + film retrieval . the evaluation results are shown in tables 4 and 5 . it can be seen that the evaluation results vary depending on the underlying evidence .
2 shows the projection accuracy for the isolated example experiment mapping from 2000 → 2001 . the results are shown in table 2 .
all pairs , including oov , except for those that belong to the in - vocabulary and multi - decoder categories . in addition , for invocabulary , we also include oov as a part - of - speech pair . we also include it for in the standalone dataset , as well as in the multi - coder category . all pairs , excluding oov ( except for the one that appears in the " table 1 " embeddings , are strictly limited in scope . for the standalone datasets , we only include the pairs from the previous and the ones that appear in the table 1 .
3 and td ‡ show the performance of the models trained on state - of - the - art data . the results of the best - performing models are shown in table 3 . as the results show , the model performs better when using only one type of data augmentation , i . e . the three types of data are aligned according to the number of frames in the model ( e . g . , n3 , n2 ) . the performance of all models that rely on the 3 types of data augmentation is comparable to that of the original model ( i . e . , lτce ) . in addition , the performance improvement is comparable with that of tl2rtl ( nτce ) in the direct and multi - task settings .
can be seen in table 2 , all the instances in the dataset are classified as illegal and all are in the illegal onion half 1 and all in the legal onion half 2 . we can also see that for all the datasets in the table , the average number of responses for each of the three groups is significantly lower than for the other three groups . finally , for the illegal and all the other groups , we can see that the performance of all the hidden and unclassified subsets is slightly better than the average of the all other groups .
2 shows the percentage of wikifiable named entities in a website per domain , with standard error .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that ukb outperforms sds model in all but one of the cases ( s13 and s15 ) . in fact , it is comparable with s13 even when using s15 pre - trained , as the model performs better on s13 than s15 . moreover , ukb ( this work ) achieves an overall 69 . 9 % improvement on the s13 dataset compared to the previous state - of - the - art model .
2 shows the f1 scores for supervised systems reported in raganato et al . ( 2017a ) . the best results in bold show that our system performs well on the s3 dataset . on the s14 dataset , it performs well compared to other supervised systems in terms of performance . note that the s13 dataset is small and contains only data for s15 and s14 .
present the results of the single context sentence and the multi context sentence in table 3 . single context sentence outperforms all the other sentence methods except for the one that is used in the context sentence . apart of the s2 and s3 context sentences , we observe that the performance of all the sentence embeddings is significantly lower than those of the other two . multi context sentence performance decreases when using only one context sentence or when using multiple context sentences .
2 shows the performance of our model compared to other models using logistic and semantic features . our model outperforms all the other models except bow and doc2vec except for the one that relies on logistic . we observe that bow + logistic significantly improves the model ' s performance over other baselines , such as tf - idf and logistic . however , bow + logistic is still superior than other models with logistic features . this is mostly due to the large size of the data pool and the small size of our data pool . additionally , we observe that the bow model is significantly better than the other bow models because it relies less on logistic .
1 shows the performance of our approach with respect to parameter matching on sql queries . syntaxsqlnet achieves a 4 . 8 % performance improvement over typesql and copying , and achieves a 5 . 3 % performance increase over the previous state - of - the - art model . with the exception of attention , the seq2seq model achieved a 3 . 9 % performance gain on the dev test set . syntacticsqlnet with attention also achieved a 2 . 8 % ) performance gain over the baseline model .
2 shows the performance of our approach compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . syntaxsqlnet performs exceptionally well on hard test set with a gap of 2 . 9 % in performance compared to irnet ( bert ) on soft test set . we note that the easy approach is slightly better than the hard approach , but it is comparable to the original model on hard test set , as the performance gap between easy and hard is less than 2 % in the hard subset .
3 shows the performance of our approach with respect to semql queries . syntaxsqlnet achieves a comparable performance to typesql with a boost of 4 . 1 % in matching accuracy . however , when using attention and copying , the performance drops significantly and we see a drop of 2 . 5 % .
3 shows the accuracies on the validation set of without ( base ) and with ( r . w ) re - weighted base . the models shown in table 3 show that the generated base can significantly improve the performance of the supports and refutes cases with a boost of 2 . 5 % in accuracy . this confirms the viability of bert as a model that can further improve the supporting andrefutes cases .
system performance on the training and development tasks is reported in table iii . the performance of the system on the single - step training set is shown in the table . we observe that for all but one of the training sets , the performance drop significantly from the previous state of the art ( except for the one in the united states , where the performance drops significantly ) . apart of the one training set , we observe the performance of all the other baselines as well as the number of training sessions for each of the four scenarios .
3 : newsqa to squad . exact match ( em ) and span f1 scores on a 2 - stage bidaf model vs . one finetuned using a 3 - stage synnet ( snet ) . the results are shown in tables 3 and 4 . the performance of the two - stage system compared to the performance of a single - stage model is shown in table 3 .
2 vs . human : the results of the first set are shown in table 2 . the performance of the model on the two datasets is significantly better than the performance on the other two sets . seq2seq ( goal + look ) achieves the best results on both datasets , with a 2 . 36 % improvement on the turns over the previous state - of - the - art model .
results are shown in table 3 . we also included the percentage of words that belong to the same sentence with respect to gender and ethnicity . the average en ⇒ fr score among all models is 1 . 9 % , which shows that pos tags are effective in reducing variation and predict better answers .
results of our method are shown in table 4 . the best results are achieved by our system in the 15 - acc . dataset , which is comparable to the best stateof - the - art systems by a large margin . semeval - 15 results are comparable to those of our previous work , but on the larger dataset , the performance gap between our approach is much narrower .
4 shows the ener and span f1 scores on a newsqa test set finetuned with a 2 - stage synnet . we vary the number of mini - batches from one batch to two , and vary the amount of paragraph we use for question synthesis . for example , 2 − sent refers to using only one sentence in the standard bidaf model , while all use only one paragraph . this indicates that the use of a multi - sentence system can improve the task for future research .
es2en and khresmoi perform best on the health and bio datasets . all - biomed models outperform all the other models except for the one that performs best on all three datasets . we observe that all the models that do not use the health dataset perform similarly on the bio dataset , so we observe that the performance of all models should not be considered as a significant performance drop . moreover , the performance drop from health to bio is less than that of any other model that relies on the biomed dataset . this suggests that future work may need to consider further expansion of the model to further improve the performance for all models .
es2en and khresmoi perform best on all tests except the one for health . all - biomed models perform better than the uniform ensemble model , so we see lower performance for all models except for those that use multi - factor ensembles . uniform ensemble models perform well on all the tests except for health , confirming that the model is suitable for the task at hand . we observe that the ensemble ensemble performs best for all three scenarios , with the exception of the one that requires a uniform ensemble .
4 shows the bleu scores for models used in english - german language pair submission . the results for english - language pair submission are shown in table 4 . all - biomed models show lower performance than the uniform ensemble , indicating that the model is more suitable for the task . uniform ensemble models show higher performance than uniform ensemble models , confirming the importance of the german language embeddings . we conjecture that the accuracy obtained by uniform ensemble modeling may vary depending on the context of the submission .
5 shows the performance of uniform ensembling and bi with varying smoothing factor . we report small but statistically significant performance drops due to tokenization differences in the wmt19 test set . we observe that bi with less than 0 . 5 gives uniform performance a slight improvement over the uniform performance . however , this drop is not statistically significant .
results in table 1 show that the bleu scores of dev and escape datasets are significantly higher than those of train , indicating that the model performs well in low - supervision settings .
results on the test set are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms both the uniform and the gaussian embeddings with a large margin .
2 shows bleu scores on the development set of table 2 . the gaussian model outperforms the uniform model by a significant margin . it is clear from the table 2 that gaussian models are better than uniform models on the development set .
results are shown in table 3 . our system achieves the best performance with a minimum of 94 % accuracy on the diversity dataset .
3 shows the f1 scores of the models using the hosg method . we show the results for each model as shown in table 3 . we show that the method performs well on both frames with the exception of the one using the watset embeddings . the method requires a minimum of 10 frames to achieve the best f1 score . we observe that the precision obtained using the method is relatively high , indicating that the model performs well in the production setting . with respect to the object initialization , we observe that it should be noted that the distance used to set the object to the correct position is relatively small . this indicates that the modeling technique is beneficial for both the production and research set .
results on the dataset of polysemous verb classes by korhonen et al . ( 2003 ) are shown in table 4 . the best performances are obtained by the lda - frames method , which achieves a f1 score of 27 . 21 / 71 . 86 on a single dataset compared to the previous best performance by singletons . similarly , the best performances by the three methods are achieved by the triadic spectral method ( which takes the best performance on the single dataset ) .
shown in table 1 , the performance of our method according to the best performing french - english baseline . the results are shown in the table below . the performance of the model according to this baseline is significantly better than the previous state of the art .
4 shows the performance of our method in french - english . the results are shown in tables 4 and 5 . the results indicate that the method has good generalization ability and can improve interpretability .
data set is shown in table 4 . the entity types and their associated label information are shown in bold . table 4 shows the ablation results for each ablation event and the label information for each event . we also included a brief overview of the cadec dataset , which can be seen in tables 4 and 5 .
shown in table 4 , the correlation coefficients between similarity measures and the effectiveness of pretrained models vary between 0 . 1 and 0 . 9 . for tvcc , we use ppl as the reference vector . the correlation coefficients vary between - 1 ( negative correlation ) and - 0 . 9 ( positive correlation ) . the performance of wvv is similar to that of ppl .
5 compares our best performance against the publicly available models on much larger corpora . our proposed method outperforms the widely used glove embeddings on a large corpus . the lms using the proposed algorithm outperform the lms with a large margin . we observe that the performance of the lmp with the best performance on large corpora is comparable to that of the unlabeled ones using conll2003 . further improving the performance by using the glosvm with the same number of parameters is beneficial .
6 shows the impact of using a hyper - parameter setting on the performance of pretrained word vectors . the results are shown in table 6 . it is clear from the results that the use of the word2vec embeddings can improve the predictive performance of word vectors with a reasonable selection of parameters .
3 shows the types of discrepancy caused by deixis ( excluding anaphora ) in context - agnostic translation . for example , the speaker / addressee gender imbalance is 22 % and the imbalance is 25 % ( table 3 ) .
1 shows the evaluation results on subsets of thyme dev ( in f - measure ) . the summets of event × event and timex3 × event are of sizes 3 . 3k and 2 . 7k respectively . we observe that rc ( random initializations ) is superior than sg ( random initialization ) in terms of accuracy and recall . however , when rc is trained with sg - based tokens , the accuracy drops significantly .
results are shown in table 3 . the best performing model is rc ( random initialization ) which improves the f1 by 2 . 8 points . rc ( sg fixed ) improves the model by 3 . 5 points in f1 score . with specialized resources : table 3 shows the results of rc and sg initialization . we empirically found that the combination of random initialization and sg fixed , improving the model ' s performance by 4 . 7 points .
errors on 50 fp and 50 fn ( random from test ) are shown in table 3 . frequent arguments are the most common type of error . they are caused by sg init . ) and cross - clause relations ( sg init . ) however , they are rare in ground - truth , and are not considered to be a significant cause of error ( e . g . , a typo in rc is caused by a wrong sentence or a misstep in sg init . ) ,
2 shows the results for all the models which significantly improve over random and ling + n2v . the results are shown in table 2 . as the results show , the clustering of hate speech is significantly less pronounced than that of random , indicating that there is a need to design more sophisticated ways to predict hate speech .
performance of all models is shown in table 3 . the most representative of these models is the number of sents for each sub - step . en – bg significantly outperforms the other models in terms of overall performance , with a gap of 1 . 5 % in overall performance .
4 shows the types of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation caused by ellipsis .
results are shown in table 1 . we show the f - m and average mean of predicted positive class probabilities for sentences with female nouns and sentences with male nouns . the results show that the bow + logreg model significantly outperforms the other models in predicting negative class probabilities .
results are shown in table 3 . the unseen and unseen models perform comparably to the unseen ones in terms of both cosine similarity and accuracy . with the exception of the wm18 dataset , we have seen no significant difference in the accuracy of the cosine similarity scores for both configurations . in particular , the similarity scores of the unaired and the flipped - out pairs seem to have little effect on the performance of the final ensemble , i . e . , that the mirrored pairs belong to the same class as the original pairs . as shown in the table , the disjointness of the two sets of mirrored pairs is the most striking thing about the comparison results .
6 shows the bleu scores of cadec trained with p = 0 . 5 and s - hier - to - 2 . tied baseline . the results are shown in table 6 . the concat model shows a significant improvement over the baseline on a large corpus ( 6 . 5m ) .
2 shows the f & c dataset size . all labels represent the labels from the original dataset which are inferable by the resource . the size of the dataset is small , however it is large enough to accommodate all the labels . the number of training instances is small but the number of subset labels is large , which explains the size of our dataset in table 2 .
results on the noun comparison datasets are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in both metrics .
results on the relative dataset are shown in table 5 . the transfer method achieved by yang et al . ( 2018 ) surpass previous work by a margin of 3 . 5 points .
7 shows the performance of our method with respect to the number of objects which we consider to be in range of 0 . 61 to 0 . 69 . accuracy of the method is reported in table 7 . it can be observed that the accuracy obtained by the method generally exceeds the performance by a large margin .
results of rc19 and rc28 are shown in table 3 . we observe that the frequency of instances that have been trained on the pc referential cohesion dataset is relatively low , as a result , the error rate of the first person singular pronoun is much lower than that of the second person . this is mostly due to the fact that the sample size of the dataset is small , with a marginal drop of 0 . 5 % in the number of instances from the original rc5 to rc15 . sentence length , number of words , sentence quality and sentence quality are all relatively high for the two groups of words we consider as the most important components of our pca component . as shown in the second group of table 3 , we observe that there is a significant imbalance in the correlation score between frequency of casual particles to causal verbs , which suggests that the clustering of these fragments leads to a better understanding of the discourse .
results of classification using bert pre - trained models are shown in table 2 . the best performing model is the text body with a f1 score of 0 . 78 . text body also improves the recall score by 0 . 7pp over the baseline model . headline only shows a slight drop in accuracy compared to full text , indicating that the model is more suitable for satire .
3 shows the performance of concat with respect to the latest relevant context . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that when concat is trained with only one context , the performance drops significantly in the second and third sets . this suggests that concat has a limited impact on lexical cohesion in the two settings .
3 shows the results of our method with respect to classification using the multinomial naive bayes method . precision , recall , and f1 show significant performance differences with a pre - trained bert model . these results are marked with ’ * ’ in table 3 . we report the mean precision , recall , and precision on the test set .
results on aida - b are shown in table 1 . ment - norm significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of f1 score . it is clear from table 1 that the ment - norm model is superior to the guorobust model in both cases .
results are shown in table 3 . the results of our method outperform the best previous methods on three of the four datasets . it is clear from the results that the method performs well on all three datasets , with the exception of the one in the united states that has the worst performance on the latter .
performance of the proposed lstm - based variants with the traditional cross - validation setup is shown in table 2 . we observe that the performance achieved by bilstm + att achieves unrealistically high performance on the training and test sets . additionally , the performance of our model with the same number of dialogues is significantly lower than the performance by our traditional setup . the results of using bimstm with differentdialogues is not significant , but we observe that it achieves a significant improvement over the performance obtained by using our traditional cross validation setup .
results on ellipsis test set are shown in table 8 . the concat model significantly outperforms the model in terms of precision . we observe that concat also improves the accuracy of the model ,
3 shows the performance of the proposed lstm variants with the dialogue - wise cross - validation setup . the results are shown in table 3 . the bilstm with attention mechanism performs best in all evaluation metrics with a gap of 2 . 5 % in the uar score compared to the previous state - of - the - art variants . we also observe that the multi - factor approach reduces variation across evaluation metrics , as shown in fig . 3 .
shown in table 1 show the performance of our models for ner using the same hyper parameters . we report the f1 - measure results over 10 replications of our dataset , averaged over 10 iterations . our joint1 model outperforms the joint2 model in terms of ner performance .
evaluation results are shown in table 2 . our model achieved the best performance with a 91 . 03 % accuracy on the test dataset .
results for fasttext and glove are shown in table 1 . the baseline model utilizing bioelmo as base embeddings showed an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % and 1 . 36 % over the state - of - the - art baseline models . on further adding sentiment information to the base models , the accuracy rose to 79 . 04 % . on further addition of sentiment information , the performance rose to a high degree of accuracy of 2 . 36 % . on the validation set , we also managed to improve the results to a final improvement of 1 . 39 % and a final score of 2 - 36 % .
results for ellipsis are shown in table 9 . we show that when using corrupted reference , the inflection / vp scores drop significantly , leading to a drop in bleu score of 2 . 5 points for each context sentence compared to the previous state of the art system . similarly , for lexipsis , we show a drop of 2 points .
5 shows the accuracy of the traditional classifier in phase 2 given documents from seen classes only . it shows that it can significantly improve the performance of the model when inputs are seen as containing unseen information .
orporating glove improves the general performance of the model in terms of fine and fine r . however , it does not improve the fine r by 10 . 5 points in the final score . in addition , it reduces the performance of fine r and fine f1 by 2 . 8 points . further , the improvements are less pronounced in the ultra - fine and fine r scores . we observe that the improvements in the fine r and fine f1 scores are modest but significant , they result in a drop of 2 . 7 points in performance over the previous state of the art model .
2 shows the performance of our approach with respect to entity prediction . our approach improves upon the naive bert model by 3 . 5 points in p / r / f1 and 35 . 2 points in f1 score over naive augmentation .
results are shown in table 3 . our proposed approach outperforms the previous best - performing approach by 3 points in both el & head f1 score and head r score . we observe that when using only raw data , the performance drops significantly , leading to a drop of 2 points in performance . moreover , when using cross - dataset features , the el and head scores drop significantly . we empirically find that the combination of syntactic and semantic information bridges the gap between the performance of the two approaches . this confirms our intuition that the best performing approach is to pair the data with the correct one .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that for all models that do not augmentation , their performance remains the same across all three baselines . for example , for ma - f1 , we observe that using only filter & relabel augmentation reduces performance , but does not improve predictive performance . this is mostly due to the large size of the data augmentation set and the relatively high recall rates .
5 shows the average number of examples that were added or deleted by the filtering function per example . it is clear from table 5 that this filtering function is able to reduce the number of instances that are added and deleted . however , it can also further reduce the performance of the model in the fine - tuning task . we can also see from the right - most column that the performance drops as a result of the loss of the data .
1 shows the performance of the ubuntu and samsung qa datasets compared to the previous stateof - the - art systems . message and response are { context } , { response } , { message } in table 1 , and { response } in fig . 1 . the error messages in ubuntu are in average response size 2 . 5 times as frequently as the messages in samsungqa dataset . note that the average number of tokens in the message and response is slightly less than the number of messages in the original ubuntu dataset , indicating that the training set contains a lot of data . finally , the type of response is important to distinguish between messages and response types . we note that the size of the messages is small , so we do not need to assume that all the messages contained in the dataset belong to a single group .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the best performing models are the cnn - idf and bimpm models , which result in a 1 in 10r @ 1 improvement over the previous state - of - the - art models . the lstm model performs better than both the previous models in terms of accuracy , with an absolute improvement of 0 . 7 / 0 . 9 over the baseline . finally , the results are slightly worse than those of the previous best - performing models .
5 shows the performance of our model in the 2r @ 1 and 10r @ 5 scenarios . we observe that the lstm model performs better than the previous stateof - the - art models on both datasets in terms of accuracy . specifically , we observe that rnn - cnn shows a performance drop of 0 . 8 in 2r and 0 . 9 in 10r . these results indicate that the model performs well in the low - supervision settings .
results for the samsung qa dataset are shown in table 5 . the models trained on tf - idf outperform all the other models except for those using rde - ltc . as table 5 shows , the performance of all the models shown in the table is in the range of 0 . 981 ± 0 . 001 to 0 . 998 , which indicates that the model performs well in the fast - forward setup .
2 compares our model with the baselines outlined in table 1 . we observe that the iwaqg module performs better than the base model on three of the four datasets . the meteor module outperforms both the bleu and the rouge metrics .
results are shown in table 3 . the best performing model is bleu - 2 , which shows the performance of the model when combined with the training data . it is clear from the results that the model performs better than the other models on three of the four scenarios . in addition , the difference between accuracy between the best performing models is less pronounced for those that do not use the model . as a result , the only model that performs better on all four scenarios is iwaqg .
4 shows the recall of the interrogative words of the qg model without our interrogative - word classifier zhao et al . ( 2018 ) . as table 4 shows , when using only one interrogative word classifier , the model obtains a lower percentage of answers than the others . in addition , the percentage of responses that had to be answered by a third party was slightly higher than the other two . we notice that the upper boundary of the model , where only iwaqg could be used , had an absolute drop of more than 2 % in answer percentage .
6 shows the ablation study results of our interrogative - word classifier . our best performance was achieved by a margin of 73 . 8 % in the ablation study .
7 shows the precision of our interrogative word classifier . recall and precision of interrogative words are shown in table 7 . when we trained our classifier on the interrogative - word analogy dataset , our precision increased by 2 . 5 % in the recall to 69 . 9 % and in the subsequent experiments , to 79 . 5 % . note that when trained on the original dataset , only a small percentage of responses were generated which resulted in a drop of more than 2 % .
statistics on forests generated with various γ ( upper half ) and k ( lower half ) are shown in table 1 . we can see that the las model performs better than las in terms of γ and k .
results of biocreative vi cpr are shown in table 2 . our system significantly outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of generalization .
results on pgr testest are shown in table 3 . it is clear from the table that the kbesteisnerps model significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models .
results on semeval - 2010 task 8 are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on all test sets .
results are shown in table 3 . the first set of results show that the combination of word embeddings and target clustering improves the performance for cnn over the fast - growing pcnn model .
results of ablation study with pcnn are shown in table 2 . we observe that incorporating word2vec embeddings improves the performance for target model , and upsampling has a generally positive effect ( tables v - viii ) . similarly , the performance of " + katt " improves with age .
1 shows the spearman correlations with wordnet similarities ( left ) and human judgments ( right ) . we find that path2vec has the highest correlation with human judgments , with a gap of 2 . 5 points in performance from the last published results ( kutuzov et al . , 2016 ) . similarly , the fse scores of 90 . 5 and 87 . 5 , respectively , with an absolute improvement of 2 points .
results are shown in table 3 . the results of the graphnet models outperform the random baseline on all metrics except for the score of senseval2 compared to semeval - 15 . we also observe that the clustering performance of the models that perform best on the test set is slightly less appealing than the one using vector - based measures . this is mostly due to the large size of the sample size and the fact that the word2vec embeddings perform poorly in the comparison set . syntactic clustering based on the similarity scores of the two datasets is beneficial for both metrics , but does not improve performance for the larger test set .
3 shows the performance of our method compared to spearman ’ s ρ × 100 baseline on a 20 - million token dataset , polyglot on a 1 . 7b - token dataset , and fasttext on a 2 . 51m token dataset . as expected , the difference between the size of the two sets is less than that of the other two .
system evaluation results are shown in table 3 . retrieval results are presented in terms of bleu and mtr scores for both systems . for both systems , we use the epm feature set ( yuan et al . , 2018 ) which significantly improves the performance of the system with respect to both oracle and svm datasets . epm features significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art systems with a minimum of 2 tasks and a maximum of 3 . 4 tasks per implementation .
results for both datasets are shown in table 4 . the results for kk and lv are presented in tables 4 and 5 . as the results show , the performance of both datasets is significantly better when using a single data model with a number of parameters , i . e . kk = 5 , 949 , lv = 80 , 881 , the performance of kk in the two datasets is markedly better than that of lv due to the larger size of the data available in the data set . additionally , performance improvement is significantly higher when using both data with the same model in the setup . we conjecture that the performance increase is due to larger data size and because the model is more compact and requires fewer data to train . with this data in mind , we compare it to previous models using only one data type : kk . this suggests that the modeling performance of the model can be further improved with a larger corpus .
results for both datasets are shown in table 3 . the results for kk and lv are presented in tables 3 and 4 . as the results show , the performance of both datasets is significantly better when using thetag - based model in combination with the original one . with the model in the setup , both the model ' s performance and the number of iterations in the data are significantly better than the previous state - of - the - art model . when using the model with the tag - based and unigram - based features , the results are significantly worse than those of the original model .
3 shows the percentage of missing embeddings compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model for english . as the table shows , most of the words in the vocabulary are missing , hence leading to a drop in performance for all languages . hindi , for example , is 6 . 5 % better than english , with an absolute improvement of 0 . 9 % on average compared to 1 . 7 % in french .
1 shows the human model performance in comparison to other scenarios in which we base our model performance on . the results are shown in table 1 . the linguistic model accuracy and the accuracy of the tily model perplexity scores are significantly higher than those of the other baselines in the comparison set . further , the accuracy and accuracy of our model are significantly lower than the results of the linguistics model , we notice that the accuracy gap between accuracy and completeness is narrower than the gap between the two baselines indicating that the model performs well in a scenario with a large number of items in the shopping bag . we also observe that , in some cases , replacing the flat tyre with a better one might help the model to improve its performance .
3 shows the performance of our decoding models compared to the previous state - of - the - art decoder . we also include a metric for decoder decoding , p @ 1 and p @ 2 . our decoder has a significant performance gap compared to other decoders due to the size of the dataset and the number of iterations required to encode the decoder . finally , we also include an ablation function for decoding the decoder with a gap of 2 . 5 iterations .
human and sentence embeddings perform comparably to each other when trained with the word " human " . in the second case , we use the word ' error ' instead of " error " . as shown in the second example , the error human is significantly worse than the error sentence in the first case . with this in mind , we base our model on the human dataset instead of the original corpus . the results are shown in table 2 . we use the sentence embedding method for the evaluation of human datasets as the base for the linguistic evaluation . as the results of this method show , the semantic evaluation method is superior than the baselines in both scenarios , it can be observed that the clustering technique is beneficial for both datasets , since it reduces repetition and helps the model to improve interpretability .
performance of the models in the low - supervision settings on the training data is reported in table 3 . we observe that the approach that relies on word2vec embeddings outperforms the other models in terms of performance . friendly , on the other hand , performs slightly worse than the other two models . the difference between the average score of the model with the best performing model is minimal , i . e . the sp - 10k dobj score is less than the score of glove , as shown in the second group of table 3 , the model performs slightly better than the model without embedding the data in the high - vision settings .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the word embedding model outperforms the d - embedding model on noun and verb embeddings . as shown in the second group of results , the model that embedding the word2vec in the semantic embedding setup performs slightly better than the other models . glove embedding improves the semantic performance of the model , but glove does not improve the glove score significantly . finally , we observe that nsubj embedding reduces the effect of verb embedding on semantic performance .
4 shows the performance of our mwe model against language models on the ws task . overall performance , embedding dimension , and training time are reported in table 4 .
5 compares the performance of different training strategies compared to the baseline . as can be seen in table 5 , the adversarial approach outperforms the base - based approach ,
3 shows the performance of single transformers trained to convergence on 1m wat ja - en , batch size 4096 . the results are shown in table 3 . as expected , the training set has a significantly higher learning rate than the previous state of the art model . in fact , the bleu score drops significantly as a result of the increased training set size and the increased learning rate of linearized derivation . we conjecture that the reduced learning rate and the reduced training time may result from a larger training set of transformers than expected by our model .
4 shows the results of our method with respect to bleu and test bpe . the results shown in table 4 show that our approach outperforms the previous state - of - the - art model on both tests . we also outperform transformer and seq2seq with an absolute improvement of 28 . 2 and 28 . 4 points , respectively , compared to the previous best result by morishita et al . ( 2017 ) . we observe that the transition from one model to the next takes a reasonable amount of time to achieve the best result .
5 shows the performance of our ja - en transformer ensembling compared to the plain bpe baseline shown in table 4 . we also note significant improvement on the internal representation by incorporating bootstrap resampling in our model ( koehn et al . , 2008 ) . as expected , our model exhibits a significant improvement in the performance on both internal representation and the bleu derivation .
can be seen in table 3 the english and spanish models using the en - de embeddings for edit distance . as shown in the table , the basic and unk models perform better than the rest of the models . however , the difference between the performance of the two models is less pronounced for the basic model . we notice that the difference in performance between the two sets of models is larger for the unk model , i . e . the model with the worst performance on the basic / out - of - the - box model .
performance of our model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models on udpipe and yap is reported in table iii . we observe that the performance of both models is comparable across all metrics , with the exception of the spmrl baseline , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing word embeddings with syntactic or semantic information . the performance of the model on the single - domain dataset is comparable to that of the other two systems ( yap and udpipe ) . the results of the " yap " model are slightly superior than that of " yap " on the other hand , indicating that the model performs better on the multidomain dataset .
performance of wiki5k compared to the previous models is reported in table vii . the results of " - expansion " outperform the performance of " letr - vowl " in terms of p < 3 . 05 while " clustering " achieves 4 . 05 p / e .
3 shows the maximum perturbation space for each sst and ag news sentence , which is the maximum number of forward passes per sentence to evaluate in the exhaustive verification task . it can be observed that the sst - word has the smallest impact on the evaluation performance , since it contains a lot of character substitutions .
3 presents the results of the best performing method augmentation on the oracle dataset . the results are presented in table 3 . all the data augmentation methods ( except for one ) achieved by oracle seem to have a significant impact on the performance of the model . table 3 shows the results for each domain with respect to accuracy . the sst - word - level and ag - char - level datasets are statistically significant improvements over the previous state - of - the - art on both datasets . further improving the performance by applying the best augmentation technique on the standard dataset is crucial for the model to reach its full potential .
the non - anonymized models outperform the monolingual models in terms of f1 score . for example , bow - svm was the only one that performed in the 50 . 0 ± 0 . 0 range and was considered to belong to the majority of the class , but it was unable to achieve this result due to the large size of the dataset and the small size of its training set . finally , it was able to improve upon this by 2 . 5 points in f1 scores .
1 and table 1 show the performance of our approach using 500 clusters or number of languages with available test data . it is shown in percentage points that the approach performs better than previous approaches using only one state of the art .
3 shows the results for each sub - category . our model outperforms the other models with a large margin . from left to right our model learns to pair with the best - performing model .
3 shows the performance of our combined cipher grounder and a supervised tagger over the noun tag , as measured by precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) , and f1 scores ( i . e . , recall ) in table 3 . the combined cipher - avg and the supervised taggers achieve remarkably similar performance , in terms of recall ( p ≤ 0 . 05 ) , and recall ( e . g . , 94 . 5 % ) .
4 shows the impact of grounded unsupervised pos tagging on malas performance . we observe that the best performing model is the gold model , which improves the interpretability of the uas and the accuracy of the las . it is clear from table 4 that this model performs better than the previous stateof - the - art model in terms of both interpretability and accuracy .
can be seen in table vii , the models trained on the gold and silver captions are comparable in terms of performance to the previous stateof - the - art models . however , for the gold captions , we see that the performance gap is narrower than that of the other two models . this is mostly due to the size of the training dataset and the number of iterations required to embed the captions in the embeddings . additionally , we observe that the quality of the gold - based captions is less than the performance of the original ones .
results are shown in table 1 . the performance of the models that frequent with bow - svm outperforms bigru - att in all but one of the comparisons we performed . in addition , the accuracy of the model with the most frequent users is less than that of the other models with the least frequent users ( e . g . , han et al . , 2017 ) . frequent users outperform the large - scale models with a gap of 2 . 5 ± 1 . 2 points in f1 score from the last comparison . this indicates that the model is well - equipped to handle frequent and recurrent users .
system ' s performance on each dataset is reported in table iii . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . table iii summarizes the results for each dataset in terms of time and number of tokens for each language . we also included the values for each training data as a metric for scalability .
3 shows the performance of our approach on the single - dataset deer and the dataset hu . we report results on both datasets with respect to the ensembles . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . we additionally include the results of the best performing model on the two datasets with the highest performance on the one dataset . we also include the result of re - tuning the model for the different domains . our approach outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on both the der and hu datasets by a significant margin .
4 shows the absolute error of all models trained on the test set . we report the mean absolute error and the percentage of cases in which the model performs well . we show that for all models , the average error is close to the majority .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the local edge model performs better than the projective one we base our model on . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 . as expected , the results are slightly worse than those of previous work ( k & g edge + projective decoder , 69 . 2 % vs . 69 . 9 % on the fixed - tree model , as shown in the second group of results , the model performs similarly to the jamr - style model , with the exception of the small - scalebox subset , which shows the diminishing returns from using a single - decoder architecture . in particular , we observe that , when using a multidecoder model , the size of the model drops significantly , leading to a drop in performance .
system ' s performance on the 2015 and 2016 datasets is reported in table iii . the results are presented in tables iii and iv . we observe that the unlabeled 2015 pd outperforms the trend on both datasets , with the exception of the 2015 f ’ 16 and 2015 d ’ 17 datasets . the results of using the predicate schemas dataset , in turn , improve the predictive performance for the 2015 model by 3 points .
results are shown in table 2 . our system outperforms all the other models except for the one that is in the noconceptrule class . this shows that our model can easily distinguish between true and false negatives .
3 shows the results for each of the three scenarios . the worst performance was detected in the nonterminal setting ( 31 . 9 % ) and the best performance was recorded in the terminal setting ( 29 . 9 % ) .
2 shows the distribution of train , dev , and test set in our system . train is slightly larger than test set , and dev is slightly smaller than train , but still comparable to test set .
1 shows the macro - f1 scores and its harmonic means of the four models . we observe that the scores of happy and sad are closer to those of harm . mean , and bert is closer to the mean of sad . the scores of hrlce and sld are slightly higher than those of happy , sad , and anger . these models are more closely related to each other in that their harmonic means are closer in the same range as those of sad , anger , and sad .
3 shows the intrinsic evaluation results . our model outperforms the jamr baseline by 3 . 8 points in alignment f1 score .
4 shows the performance of our model on the newswire dataset . it is clear from the table that our model performs well on both datasets .
1 shows the performance of our single parser compared to other models using the word embeddings . we use the jamr aligner and our aligner for word only . however , we do not use our aligneder for pos , hence leading to less performance for our model .
results for all models are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models except for dynsp , which obtains a significant improvement in performance over the previous state - of - the - art models . moreover , our model performs better than both the original dynsp and ours models .
experimental results of all models are shown in table 4 . the results of the best - performing models are summarized in table 5 . first , we observe that the clustering based model significantly improves the results for all models except the one that relies on a single location for most of the experiments .
3 shows the eaa and f - score for each entity in the setup . from the above table , we can see that the two approaches converge on the same entity , hence leading to significantly lower f - score . with the exception of the entity classification in biocreative ii , where the eal score is set at 1 . 0 and the ufa score at 0 . 85 , both for the location and the entity class in the model ( the conll - 2003 embeddings ) . with respect to entity classification , we use the hfa feature , which allows the model to better interpret the entity ' s semantic information . we use it as a model for generation of character tags .
1 shows the performance of different types of text in ontonotes dataset . the total number of words for each category is reported in table 1 . for the two datasets , we used the word " bible " . the total length of the sentences in this dataset is set at 260 , while the length in the other datasets is only 260 , 000 .
2 shows the confusion matrix for test data classification . predicted sg and predicted pl are significantly worse than the actual ( p < 0 . 001 ) and result in a significant drop in performance .
3 shows the agreement patterns across all languages . for each language , we show the percentage of words that are notional and the percentage notional . for all languages , we include " bible " and " clothing " as the most distinctive features , while " vernacular " is the least distinctive . for the " biblical " dataset , we included 260 words in the notional agreement and 260 in the strict agreement . we also included the word " error " for each country we included , as it was easier for the system to handle translations and was less complicated for the other two .
3 shows the number of propositions per type in ampere dataset . the number of instances per type is reported in table 3 .
results that are significantly better than all comparisons are marked with ∗ ( p < 0 . 05 ) in table 4 . precision segmentation by bilstm - crf achieves a significant improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model on both rec . and f1 scores .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the multi - news dataset compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . for example , the uds - ih2 model outperforms both the meantime and full - news datasets in terms of both mae and ran scores . moreover , the difference between the average ran score and the average fan score of the two models is less pronounced for the smaller - scale model . for the larger - scale datasets , we observe that the accuracy of the l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model is less than the gap between the avg nan and the mean fan scores of the other two models , indicating that the model performs well in the fast - paced setting .
results are shown in table 3 . the predicted segments with gold - standard segments show that the model can easily distinguish between the true and false answers generated by proplexicon and cnn , as the table shows , the model performs better than both the svm and cnn datasets in terms of both the percentage of segments and the number of invalid segments in the dataset . we conjecture that the accuracy obtained by the model may vary depending on the size of the dataset , but we do not consider this as a significant performance drop .
shown in table 1 , the encoders are 2 layers and the number of decoders is 5 . we also observe that the attention type is very similar to the lstm in that the encoder layers are hidden dim and the decoder size is small .
2 shows the results on the wmt17 it domain for english - german ape test set . bojar et al . ( 2017 ) outperforms both varis and bojar ( 2016 ) and bérard ( 2017 ) . the spe model performs better than the bleu model in both languages .
3 shows the performance of the best embeddings for each property . our model achieves the best performance with a minimum of 300 frames per second .
6 shows the results for linear ( l - bilstm - s ( 2 ) ) and tree models on uds . our model outperforms the previous best state - of - the - art on all metrics except for the relation extraction . it is clear from table 6 that the trees that rely on lexical cues have poor interpretability . syntactic cues are particularly difficult to predict for uds , we suspect that the presence of syntactic cues in the trees may have a negative effect on the interpretability of the label extraction .
1 shows the performance of some of the lexicons used as external knowledge . sentiment and emotion are the most prevalent forms of emotion , followed by sentiment and emotion . semeval15 is the most distinctive among all the syntactic and semantic word embeddings . its performance is comparable to that of bing liu and emolex ,
results are shown in table vii . the first group shows the results of concatenation learning on the test set of sent17 and phychexp . we observe that the learned method outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on both test sets . it shows that the training set is well - balanced , with the exception of the small improvements in scv1 and scv2 .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that our proposed method can significantly improve the interpretability of our model without sacrificing too many important features . in fact , it does improve the model ' s interpretability by a noticeable margin .
2 shows the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between the global metrics and the crowdsourced topic - word matching annotations . the results are shown in table 2 . our model significantly outperforms the competition on both metric metrics , with the exception of sigvac .
3 shows the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between automated metrics and crowdsourced topic - word matching annotations . we include metrics measuring the local topic quality and the global topic quality as well as the coherence metric , which measures the quality of the generated topic . the local metrics are slightly better than the local ones , but still comparable to the raw topic quality . additionally , the local metrics seem to have a bigger impact on topic quality than the raw ones .
performance of our method according to the auc is reported in table 4 . the results are shown in the table below . we observed significant performance drop due to the high frequency of the model ( from 0 . 3628 to 0 . 3740 ) . we also observed significant drop in performance due to low performance on the frequency dataset . finally , we observed a drop of 4 . 69 % in performance compared to the previous best state of the art model ( kce ( - ef ) due to high variation in performance of the algorithm .
3 shows the auc of all the feature groups with the exception of loc + event . the auc is broken down in terms of frequency and auc . loc and event are particularly difficult to detect due to the high auc ( differences in frequency with relation extraction ) and the number of frames in relation to relation extraction . however , for frequency extraction , we see a significant drop of 1 . 5 % compared to the previous state - of - the - art model , which explains the performance drop of the model .
7 shows the ablation results of 50 instances from uds - ih2 - dev with the highest absolute prediction error . it is clear from the table that the verb attribute is an imperative or a state - of - the - art verb , it also contains a future event or a future state , as shown in table 7 , annotation is incorrect for some of these instances as well as for others as shown in the table .
5 shows the similarity between event entity pairs in pre - trained embeddings . ( e ) shows the kce score of the model with the closest kernel mean after training . ( f ) shows that the model has the best performance with a 0 . 69 kce score . from the other end of the table , we can see that the united states has the worst performance , followed by the united kingdom .
1 shows the unique [ italic ] n - grams self and unique [ keller et al . ( 2018 ) we show that for all models that do not rely on word embeddings , the number of iterations for each iteration is significantly smaller than the other models . we also show the tbc dataset in table 1 . the size and type of bert ( large ) seem to have little effect on the performance of the model , i . e . when the initialization time is set to 10 . 5 and when the last iterations are added , the model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art model on both datasets .
3 shows the quality metrics of model generations using the additional language model . for the wt103 and tbc datasets , we sample 1000 sentences from the respective datasets and compare against the performance of bert and gpt . the results are summarized in table 3 . surprisingly , bert ( large ) outperforms both gpt and bert by a noticeable margin .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on wikipedia with unlabelled keyphrases . we observe that the wiki + unlab embeddings outperform all methods except for msnbc , which results in lower performance . additionally , we observe that wikipedia ' s aida - b score is slightly better than the others , indicating that the clustering technique is beneficial for improving interpretability . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 .
2 shows the f1 scores of our model when it is properly supervised . it shows the average f1 score on wikipedia and on aida conll datasets . when it is fully - supervised , it shows the mean of five runs on a single dataset .
3 : ablation study on aida conll development set . each f1 score is the mean of five runs . the results are shown in table 3 . our model shows that it can easily distinguish between the local and non - local embeddings .
performance of our model by ner type on aida - a is shown in table 4 . our model performs comparably to the best stateof - the - art model on the conll test set .
results are shown in table 3 . all mwe - based models outperform the mwe baseline by a significant margin . however , for the discontinuous model , performance is still significantly worse than that of att - based model , in addition , the gap between the performance of att and epm is much narrower . the results of the epm model are in the low single - digit percentage range , which indicates that the model performs well in both cases . in particular , the performance gap between epm and mwe is narrower than those of fme due to the large difference in performance between the two baselines .
9 shows the mae of l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s with xcomp - governed predictions on events in uds - ih2 - dev that are strictly governed by infinitival - taking verb embeddings . as shown in table 9 , when we add the word " remember " to the sentence " remember " , we get a boost of 2 . 66 points . we also notice that the boost of 1 . 18 points is less pronounced for those that do not intend to .
2 compares the performance of our systems on test data in terms of mwe - based f - score . as the results show , the two systems perform comparably to each other when the data is contained in the discontinuous subset , as this table shows , the h - combined model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all three scenarios , in particular , it achieves the best performance with a gap of 2 . 5 points from the previous performance .
performance on the cola and rte datasets as pretraining tasks is reported in table 3 . the proposed pretr . baseline outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on both metrics . moreover , it is comparable to the performance of the original cola baseline on the sst and mrpc datasets . we also observe that the mrpc and sstbaselines are comparable in performance on both datasets , with the exception of the srpc dataset , which has been recently added to the whitelist .
performance of the models with intermediate task training and single task training is presented in table 4 . table 4 shows the performance of each model with the task training set in the instructional setting . the cola and msst models with different task training performance are presented in tables 4 and 5 . in table 4 , we also include the evaluation results of the sst and cola models with various task training modes . we include the mrpc and qqp elmo with the same task training data as in the previous section . as this table shows , the selection of the best models for each task is based on the best performing model in the task , i . e . , the best performance on the single task training dataset is achieved by the wnli elmo , which is comparable to the best state - of - the - art elmo on the multitask dataset .
3 shows the performance of our models compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that do not use the mnli feature . we observe that our model performs on par with the best performance of the other four models . the models using our model do not have significant performance improvement .
1 shows the percentage of ne - tags in wikipedia that belong to a particular country . relation cardinality ( i . e . the number of ne tags ) was the most prevalent in the 2000s , and it was the only one that consistently had a negative effect on the quality of the ne tags .
2 shows the f1 scores of the models with the least number of entities as subjects ( # s ) and the number of predicate pairs with the highest f1 score ( p = 0 . 005 ) . with the exception of the one - nummod baseline , we see that the model with the most information is the only one that can be trained on the ground truth . with respect to the vanilla baseline , we see that it is possible to model this model with a variety of features , including the ability to select nouns and verbs that are appropriate for the task at hand ( e . g . , spouse , child , custody , etc . ) , as this model performs well in the production work . it is clear from table 2 that this model has a large impact on the model ' s performance , as it contains a large amount of information that is potentially useful for future research . additionally , the fact that it has access to a large corpus of documents ( manual ground truth ) is one of the most interesting aspects of the model for the model , it can be observed that the presence of a spouse or child in the model can be very useful for further research , as the age of this model is relatively low .
3 shows the performance of int models compared to word , lstm and w2v . we observe that int models perform better than word and word because their performance is more consistent across all three models . moreover , they are comparable on all three datasets , with the exception of the one in burkhard - keller , where we observe that the performance is slightly better on the two datasets .
2 shows the las improvements by cnn and lstm in the iv and oov cases on the development set of table 2 . we observe that their performance is comparable to the performance of the previous models in the two scenarios . for ara , we observe that the performance gap between the two models is much smaller than those of the other two models . in the case of burkhard - keller , we see that δiv and δoov are comparable in terms of performance , but the difference is much larger in the oov case .
3 shows the performance of our system on the test dataset for russian , ukrainian , russian and ukrainian . as expected , the performance drops significantly for both datasets when we train and test dataset . in particular , we see that russian is significantly worse than ukrainian , while ukrainian is slightly better .
results are shown in table 1 . the best performing model is the dag transducer ye et al . ( 2018 ) with a bleu score of 69 . 57 % and 100 % coverage % , respectively , compared to 62 . 05 % for the held - out test set . table 1 shows the performance of our model with respect to match accuracy across all test sets . we empirically found that the gold - based model outperforms all the other models with a large margin .
3 shows the performance of the lstm layer with the maximum number of parameters for regularization . we observe that the size of the emb size is the most important factor in the model ' s performance . lattice dropout size significantly reduces the learning rate . additionally , the lattice emb size has a significant effect on the model ’ s performance .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the combination ofchar and non - char models significantly improves the model performance , improving the f1 score by 2 . 36 points over the previous state of the art model . finally , we observe that using onlychar - based models improves model performance by 3 . 53 points . the only exception we see is when using uncharbased models as the model with the maximum number of parameters is the lstm ′ model . this underscores the extent to which combiningchar and unchar based models can improve model performance .
results are shown in table 3 . we empirically found that the gold seg model outperforms the other models using only plain averaged word embeddings . note also the significant drop in f1 score from the previous state of the art model when using only pure white - aligned lstm . the model trained on the gold seg dataset by wang et al . ( 2016 ) achieves the best performance on both input and output metrics . note also that the performance drop from previous state - of - the - art models due to the large size of the data set in the dataset ( e . g . , the gold + bichar baseline ) and the fact that the training data is only available in the black - aligned corpus ( i . e . the word2vec model ) .
6 shows the results on msra . our model outperforms all the base lines with a gap of 10 . 5 % in f1 score .
results on resume ner are shown in table 8 . we observe that the use of softword improves the f1 score for all models except for those using char + bichar lstm .
3 shows the results for english – estonian . character - f and bleu scores in percentages are inversely proportional to the number of layers in the embeddings , as the results show , adding multiple layers helps the model further improve its interpretability . further adding layers and removing them further improves the model ' s generalization ability .
3 shows the performance of our baselines with respect to coreference . our system achieves the best performance with a minimum of 50 % precision on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . we also outperform our previous model with an absolute improvement of 2 . 36 % on average . the model with the worst performance on average achieves a dual - 0 score and is slightly outperforms our model with a gap of 10 . 5 % in performance compared to our original model .
3 shows the ablation results for the gold - based model trained with gold data only . the results are shown in table 3 . the reduction in bleu without the edge features shows that the model can easily distinguish between the true and false states without a significant drop in performance .
3 shows the performance of our baselines on the two datasets . our system performs better than the previous stateof - the - art models on both datasets . for example , sestorain et al . ( 2018 ) nmt - 0 and dual - 0 achieve the best performance . similarly , our system performs similarly to the best previous approaches on the three datasets , with the exception of the one that performs better on the four datasets .
performance of our baselines is presented in table 3 . our proposed system outperforms the previous work soft ‡ and distill † by a noticeable margin . our system performs on par with the best state - of - the - art systems on both datasets .
results on the official iwslt17 multilingual task are shown in table 4 . our baselines basic and agree are the best performing baselines , while pivot is the worst performing .
results on the proposed iwslt17 dataset are shown in table 5 . the supervised model outperforms both the supervised and the zero - shot model by a significant margin .
3 shows the results for each model . for all models except en - fr , we base model on the original embeddings of fr and en - de . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . for the europarl model , we use the en - ru model , which consists of 10 subtitles . en - ru is the most representative of the three models , while the rest are unrepresentative . we use the eq . feature set of the base model for all the models . for most models , we only use the en + ru model . this eliminates the effect of prefixing on the performance of the model .
3 shows the bleu scores for the bilingual test sets . our model significantly outperforms the contextual baseline in both languages .
4 shows bleu scores for the bilingual test set of en - de . the results are shown in table 4 . the current context ( base model ) has a gap of 2 . 5 points from the previous turn to 26 . 21 points .
performance of our model compared to previous state - of - the - art models is shown in table 4 . we observe that , when using only 300 - dimensions , our model performs comparably to the performance of maxsimc and kipling et al . ( 2015a ) in terms of performance . this suggests that the performance obtained by using the maxsimc approach is superior than the performance by other methods that use 300 - dimensional embeddings . further , the performance gap between our model and previous best - performing models is minimal , i . e . , lee and chen ( 2017b ) and guo et al . , 2018c ( p < 0 . 001 ) .
2 shows the bleu scores for each domain match . the results are shown in table 2 . wikipedia embedding model can significantly improve the performance for the task , as shown in fig . 2 . the difference between brown and brown datasets is minimal , i . e . the difference between the performance of brown vs . brown is minimal .
2 shows the performance of our method in multi - class classification . the results are summarized in table 2 . our method obtains a significant improvement in precision and f1 - score over the previous state - of - the - art model .
evaluation results on paraphrase detection task are shown in table 3 . our method outperforms both maxcd and maxcd in terms of f1 - score .
2 shows the macro - f1 - score of unknown intent detection with different proportion ( 25 % , 50 % , 75 % ) treated as known intents on snips and atis datasets . similarly , for lmcl , we see a 25 % drop in performance compared to the previous state - of - the - art .
1 shows the results for al with and without the truncated average γ for a wait - 3 system . it can be observed that for all but statistics 4 , the lag is only 2 . 25 times as bad as it is for any other system with a similar setup . we can also see that the clustering effect on performance is less pronounced for the two systems with the same number of data .
4 shows bleu scores for evaluating amr and dmrs generators on gold + silver dataset . amr significantly outperforms dmrs on gold + silver dataset , while dmrs significantly improves on silver + gold dataset .
3 shows the performance of the multinli and multinli datasets in relation to each other . as the results show , the model performs in the best performing state of the art on all datasets , with the exception of the one that is in the monolingual category . table 3 presents the results of the models in terms of performance in the multi - nli dataset as compared to the previous state - of - the - art systems . multi - nnli datasets are multi - deciduous , with a marginal improvement of 2 . 5 points in performance over the previous set . the multi - nli dataset is relatively simple , with an absolute improvement of 4 . 45 points on average compared to previous models .
3 shows the bleu and the memory - to - context meteor scores for both models . from the above table , we show the results of the models trained on the context and memoryeor datasets . the results of both models are shown in table 3 . de → en and fr → en significantly outperform the previous models in terms of both the context and the memoryeor metrics .
results are shown in table 3 . syntactic treedepth and syntactic topconst are the most interesting features for each model , syntactic bshift and semantic subjnum are the only ones that perform better on the semantic level than the syntactic one . semantic bshift is the only one that performs better on syntactic level without sacrificing too many syntactic functions for semantic semantic level . the semantic semantic features of bshift are particularly interesting for semantic level 3 .
3 shows the results of different approaches for different evaluation tasks . sentiment analysis and semantic analysis are presented in table 3 . the system performs well on both the validation and prediction tasks . for example , the combination of sst2 and sst3 performs well , while the similarity / paraphrase analysis performed best on the validation set . syntactic analysis of the word " sentiment " is presented in tables 3 and 4 .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the performance of p - means models on the 20 - ng dataset is significantly better than that of the sst - 5 model . also , the performance improvement is less pronounced for the 20ng model compared to the original ones .
evaluation results shown in table 1 show that the pruned cnet outperforms the output of the original dstc2 development set by a large margin .
results are shown in table 3 . we empirically found that the weighted pooling method significantly outperforms the pruning method in terms of baseline pooling , as a result , the average pooling time for all metrics is slightly less than the performance of the pruned baseline , we also found that when pooling the pooling data with only one pruning step , pooling pooling was significantly less accurate than the original pooling due to the larger pooling size of the baseline . table 3 shows the results of pooling with the max pooling set at 96 . 9 % and 97 . 5 % respectively compared to the previous state - of - the - art method . with this data as the baseline , we can further see that weighted pooled pooling is beneficial , improving the baseline performance by 2 - 2 . 7 % over pruning .
2 shows the dstc2 test set accuracy for 1 - best asr outputs of ten runs with different random seeds in the format average maximumminimumminimum and 98 . 7 % chance to train on transcripts + live asr ( baseline ) . with the exception of the one case where the training on transcripts and the test set on transcripts is over - tuned , we do not need to consider the other scenarios in which the training might fail .
2 shows the results for each training and implementation . the average number of sentences per sentence is slightly less than the number of tokens per sentence , indicating that there is a need to simplify the system for future research .
data are presented in tables 1 and 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . we can see that our model significantly outperforms the competition in terms of both the usage test and the development test set . in addition , we can also see that the model has significantly better performance in the usage development set .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the β - att and bilstmatt datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that for all models , the performance obtained by the model is significantly better than the previous state - of - the - art models . in particular , the bilstm - att model outperforms the other models in terms of both recall and f1 score . with respect to recall scores , we observe that the size of the proposed model is relatively small , resulting in relatively high recall scores . however , this analysis fails to account for the fact that the model relies on a relatively small amount of data , leading to a large drop in recall scores for the model . as shown in the second group of table 3 , the size and type of recall scores of the model are significantly less than those of the original model .
1 and 2 shows the bleu scores of the models in question for both sets . the first set of results in terms of eq . data involved both the original and the debiased models . in addition , the second set of data in the setup also involved the original data as well as the disambiguation data . pseudo - parallel data and the resulting en + ru scores also resulted in different performance scores for the two sets in the final set . finally , the results of # 1 and # 2 are shown in table 2 . both sets of results ( i . e . the original one ) resulted in significantly better performance than the original ones . for both sets of data , we show that the best performing model is the one that best performs the best on both datasets .
5 - way model performs on par with gnn ( cnn ) and bert - pair ( bert ) on 2 . 0 and 3 . 0 datasets . on 1 . 0 dataset , it performs slightly better than the previous state - of - the - art models .
results are shown in table vii . the best results obtained by bert - pair are achieved in the 5 - way setup , with a marginal drop of 0 . 5 % in nota compared to the previous stateof - the - art models .
results in table 3 show that our method outperforms the previous best stateof - the - art methods in terms of both accuracy and recall . as the results show , the accuracy obtained by the method is comparable to that of the original embeddings ( cf . table 3 ) . the results of applying the method on the wiki / figer dataset are in the range of 0 . 005 - 0 . 005 , with a marginal improvement of 1 . 05 points over the previous state of the art . for the bbn dataset , we use the afet - noco model , which improves the recall accuracy by 3 . 5 points .
2 shows the performance of our model in terms of both the rec . and the target rec . compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . in general terms , our model performs better than the other two baselines on both the afet and rec . datasets . on the other hand , it does not perform as well as the other systems we base our model on . this is mostly due to the large size of the training dataset and the large number of training instances in which the model is required to perform .
can be seen in the table below in which we compare our model with the best performing model . in particular , we see that the model that is most appealing to the model is is_hard , which leads to better performance on the test set . apart of the is - hard and is - nigh features , we also see that it is less appealing to model the model in the black - and - white setting . note that the models trained on the f1 - neigh dataset are less accurate than those trained on white - and black - aligned models . this suggests that the effect on model performance may be less pronounced for model users .
4 shows the training times and parameters to learn . the training time and parameters are shown in table 4 . the average training time to learn is 2h 30m compared to the training time of h - bilstm - att . parameters are significantly less accurate than the average response time for any other model , indicating that training time is important for the model to learn its task .
can be seen in the black - and - white uniform of the models trained on the av - cos test set in the distractor and fullwiki setting . they seem to be more similar in some cases to the others , but in others , the similarity between them is less pronounced . for example , in the distractor and fullwiki setting , we see that full_is_yellow is particularly bad for the neigh - cos model , and in the full - is_black setting , it appears to be less dangerous for the model in which it is trained . this suggests that the model trained on this dataset is more likely to be dangerous for other models as well .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the snli dataset compared to the previous best stateof - the - art models . for example , the mturk287 model had the best performance out of all the models except for the one that had the worst performance . simlex999 was the only one that was able to beat the rg65 and f1 by a noticeable margin . the simverb3500 model outperforms both the best and the best by a significant margin .
3 shows the classification performance of all models in the multi - decoder setup . classification results are shown in table 3 . all models except sst2 are classified according to the number of entries in the system . sst5 and sickr are the most distinctive models , followed by sst6 and sst10 . sub - categories and classification results are presented in tables 3 and 4 .
shown in table 2 , the system performs uniformly worse on " gotchas " than it does on “ rules , ” shaded in purple . for female pronouns , the error is much worse than for male pronouns .
results are shown in table 1 . our model achieved the best results with a b - 1 score and a cider score of 3 . 295 . the other models performed slightly worse than our model , b - 2 and b - 3 . table 1 shows the performance of the models using automatic evaluation . the performance of our model is significantly worse than those of the other models that rely on syntactic or semantic information extraction . we observe that our model exhibits the best performance with the exception of static memory , which exhibits the worst performance .
2 presents the results for each approach . the results are presented in table 2 . our model obtains the best performance on the hard and hard test sets . it improves upon the unmodified infersent scores by 2 . 5 points .
results are shown in table 3 . we can see from the results that the sleeping method significantly reduces the effect of the noise on the score prediction . in addition , the percentage decrease from baseline advdat ( 0 . 4 , 1 ) to 0 . 9 indicates that there is a need to continue researching for more accurate predictions . with the exception of sleep , we can see that the decrease of noise prediction is less pronounced for all models that are asleep .
5 shows the performance of our model compared to other models trained on the same dataset . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that it is trained on . we observe that the difference between brevity and accuracy is less pronounced for brevity , i . e . , brevity leads to better accuracy and the model performs better on both datasets . finally , we observe that skip - gram significantly outperforms other models in terms of accuracy and recall . this suggests that brevity is important for model design to achieve high accuracy and precision . the results are shown in table 5 . it is clear from the results that the combination of brevity with accuracy leads to a better model performance .
2 compares these data with existing datasets . we use table 2 to compare the performance of our models with existing news clusters . the results are shown in table 2 .
3 shows the varying effect on the λ with and without mass preservation . it can be seen that the reduced λ considerably boosts the bleu performance in the deen development set , and consequently leads to better interpretability .
4 shows the performance of our method in terms of schema matching . it is clear from table 4 that it performs well across all metrics , with the exception of the f1 score .
5 shows the performance of our method with respect to the veraged slot coherence . the results are shown in table 5 . odee - f significantly improves the performance by 0 . 18 points over the baseline .
2 compares the performance of our method with the previous best performing models . the results are shown in table 2 . all the models except ed ( 1 ) have lower performance on meteor and human they have higher performance on rouge - l and prefer - l these models outperform all the other models except for the one that performs on the ecb dataset .
system generated the highest percentage of n - grams in test abstracts generated by human which appeared in training data . it is clear from table 3 that the system performs poorly on the task at hand . in fact , its performance is less than the performance of human .
5 shows the performance of the models compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . for example , meteor performs better than rouge - l on 1 , 2 and 3 sets . on the 4 sets , it performs even worse than the other models .
no - expert or non - supervisor is considered for this task . all opinions expressed by the panel are considered in table 4 . the average number of positions for each position is 15 , and the number of configurations for each category is 15 .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the selected clusters . visual and verbal significantly outperform the baseline models in terms of s + p and s + i , visual significantly outperforms the baseline model in all but one of the comparisons . moreover , for the two clusters , the performance is significantly worse than those trained on random , although the difference is less pronounced for verbal . note that the clustering performance of all the clusters is concentrated on the one that contains the most data ( s + p + i ) and the one with the least data ( vocal ) . visual cues are particularly difficult to detect , as their performance is in the low - to - mid range , but are comparable to that of the baseline . the same is true for the other clusters , as visual cues seem to have a greater impact on classification performance .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that for all models , the average s + p + i score is significantly lower than that of random due to the larger variation of the model in terms of performance . specifically , we observe that the models trained on the data are significantly less accurate than those using random or tfn models .
2 shows the biobert performance on the mednli task . the performance of the models using pubmed + pmc is shown in table 2 . the bioberts model is trained on three different combinations of pmc and pubmed datasets . the results are shown in bold . it is clear from the table 2 that the combination of pubmed + pmc significantly improves the model ' s performance . we also note that the accuracy drop from using the original pmc to using pubmed is significant ( see table 2 ) .
results are shown in table 4 . the first t - test shows that our proposed method outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on both bilstm and rcn ( our ) datasets . further , the results are less striking than those of the previous best - performing models ( hochreiter and schmidhuber , 1997b , et al . , 2008 ) . the two t - tests show that the two approaches are comparable in terms of precision , with the exception of the bimpm dataset , in which the latter performs better on the rcn dataset . finally , we observe that the small improvements in precision indicate that the model is well - equipped to handle the task at hand .
3 shows the performance of bert features with respect to feed - forward and cnn - forward . accuracy on test set is reported in tables 3 and 4 .
performance across all models depending on the window position . simlex999 has the best performance with a window position of 0 . 45 and 0 . 68 , respectively , compared to the performance of the symmetric and asymmetric systems .
3 shows the performance of our model with and without cross - sentential contexts . the results are shown in table 3 . our model consistently outperforms all the other models that we tested with both text - neutral and non - text - neutral contexts .
performance across all models depending on the removal of stop words . simlex999 shows the best performance with only 0 . 42 and 0 . 68 analogies respectively compared to the performance of os with removal .
results broken down by type of pooling method and presence or absence of character embeddings . we can also see that for max pooling , the model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art model .
3 shows the performance of our best model broken down by genre . our model achieves the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 5 errors and a 4 . 5 overall improvement over the best model by a large margin . we also note that fiction and non - fiction are predictive of bad predictions , which hurts prediction accuracy . however , this is mostly due to the nature of the dataset and the size of the datasets .
1 shows the performance of bert models with different metric scores for different tasks . our model achieves the best performance with a 3 . 7acc score and a 2 . 7k metric score . the model is fine - tuned , initialized with [ bold ] normal distr . it is clear from table 1 that the training set has a large impact on the model ' s performance when the model is pre - trained .
3 compares the bleu scores of chen2018 and wu2016 with recent points in the literature . the results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art on all three comparisons .
2 shows the bleu and char decoding performance on the tokenized and sacrebleu datasets . our model outperforms both the original embeddings and the re - trained ones . it is clear from table 2 that deen and fien have different performance on both datasets . for example , deen performs significantly worse than fien and deen , both in terms of translation performance .
4 shows the error counts of 500 randomly sampled examples from the deen test set . the error counts are shown in table 4 . we found that the clustering patterns caused the highest error rates .
results on wmt15 deen are shown in table 6 . the size of the encoder is shown in the bpe size and the number of iterations per encoder . it can be seen that the combination of pooling and multi - layer encoders has a significant impact on the performance , leading to a drop of more than 2 % in bleu score .
results are shown in table 3 . wiki + bilstm improves the μr and ef1 scores by 0 . 7 and 0 . 8 respectively compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model . bilstm also improves the λr scores by 1 . 8 and 2 . 8 points , respectively compared with the original state - ofthe - art . we conjecture that wiki + biolstm improves the performance of the μrs by a significant margin .
3 shows the average precision ( map ) of models using wiki + pu for political speeches . we report the results of our model with the best performance . the results are shown in table 3 . our model significantly outperforms the previous best stateof - the - art models .
4 compares the f1 score of tweets from two different annotators with the original labels in each dataset by two different puc models . wikipedia , on the other hand , is 0 . 863 and 0 . 864 , respectively , compared to 0 . 814 by the two original annotators . the results are in table 4 , indicating that the two tweets are comparable in some cases .
results for the neutral and negative predictions are reported in table 3 . the significance of the positive prediction is minimal , however it does seem to have a significant impact on the performance of the model in the large - scale task . we conjecture that the accuracy drop due to the large size of the dataset , leading to a less accurate prediction . we empirically found that the precision drop from 0 . 7 to 0 . 9 for the largescale task in the event of a fail - safe prediction ( e . g . , a zero recall , a 0 . 1 f1 score ) for the larger scale task in which the model is used . we suspect that the drop in precision due to large size may have a negative effect on the model ' s performance , however we do not suspect this .
results are shown in table 3 . we show the performance of 10rv models trained on the word embeddings . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 . as the results show , the model using cosine instead of rg consistently improves the results . the wordsim model ( which relies on semantic information ) is comparable to the previous state - of - the - art systems in terms of sentence quality . we observe that the semantic information injected into the model can further improve the results for the model . semeval17 is the most accurate model , with the best performance .
1 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous stateof - the - art approaches . we observe that our model outperforms the competition in terms of both embedding and target bridging , it is clear from the above results that rnnsearch * is better than both the original mt02 and mt03 embeddings , as a result , we observe lower performance on the mt03 and mt04 datasets , further improving performance by 0 . 5 % in the two scenarios compared to our model . finally , we notice a slight performance drop in performance on mt04 dataset due to the large size of the data pool , direct bridging and multi - factor learning reduce performance , but still outperforms our model by a significant margin .
results on the wmt english - german translation task are shown in table 2 . the result is significantly better than the vanilla transformer model ( p < 0 . 05 ) . as can be seen in the table , embedding the embeddings in the same context also improves the translation performance .
3 shows the results on the iwslt with different language pairs belonging to 5 different language families and written in 5 different alphabets . the results on table 3 show that the shared - private en model can significantly improve the bleu score for the vanova task . surprisingly , the accuracy drop from the previous state of the art to the current state - of - the - art is only 2 % . we conjecture that this may be a result of the limited variation of shared language pairs , we suspect that this could be due to the high variation of language pairs .
4 shows the performance of the models using different sharing coefficients on the validation set of the nist chinese - english translation task . we observe that the shared - private model outperforms the decoder wt model in terms of bleu score . emb . embedding the embeddings in the decoding data further improves the results for both models . with respect to decoding wt , we observe that it is possible to improve the decoding performance for both variants by adding the embedding information in the wrapper of the encoded text .
2 shows the performance of our system on a test set in a 623 word news article . the average time for users to set up the tool and identify verbs in the news article is 18 minutes on ubuntu and 22 minutes on macos . the differences between gate and either slate or yedda are significant at the 0 . 01 level according to a t - test .
results in table 1 show that the syntree2vec embeddings outperform the word2vec models in the number of instances in which they are used . in fact , the similarity scores of node2vec with the original source are higher than those of syntree3vec due to the larger number of parameters in the dataset . this is evident from the fact that the similarity score of the twovec models is relatively small compared to the original ones .
shown in table 1 , the word " no " refers to answer sentence or short answer phrase . in asnq , we refer to the answer sentence and the sentence length of the train , as well as the number of question utterances in the sentence .
3 shows the mrr and map scores of models trained on the original wikiqa dataset . the results are presented in table 3 . table 3 shows that the training data are significantly better than the original model on both datasets , with the exception of the one where comp - agg + lm + lc + tl ( qnli ) = 0 . 892 and 0 . 864 respectively compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . roberta - l and tanda models using the same clustering data are slightly worse than those using the original map data , but are comparable in terms of mrr .
3 shows the mrr of all models trained on the map dataset with the exception of bert - b and roberta - l . the results are summarized in table 3 . the results of both models are broken down in terms of mrr and map using the same clustering feature set . we observe that the performance of the models using the clustering features of the map data is significantly lower than those using the original clustering set .
applying the noise fine - tuning on the wikiqa and trec - qa datasets also resulted in a significant drop in the mrr and mrr scores for both datasets ( from 0 . 775 to 0 . 864 ) . however , when the noise was applied to the baseline , the drop in mrr was much lower than that of the previous baseline . the noise - free bert - base significantly reduces the noise reduction in the two datasets , but it does not reduce the performance of the model in the low - supervision settings . finally , when noise was added to the dataset , the reduction was much smaller ( from 2 . 67 % to 3 . 79 % ) than in the baseline .
shown in table 6 , neg and pos refers to the number of pairs of question - answer pairs that are chosen for fine - tuning bert . as table 6 shows , the effect of these labels on bert performance is very similar to that of the two previous models ( trec - qa and mapqa ) . in both cases , the impact of the additional label of map is less pronounced , but still significant .
shown in table 7 , the models trained on the wikiqa dataset outperform the baseline models in terms of mrr . as table 7 shows , tanda and qnli have higher mrr scores compared to the baseline model , as the results of applying the asnq - based map and asnli - based mrr show , the comparison between the performance of the two models is less striking than those of the previous models .
can be seen in table 3 the performance of bert and asnq with respect to the precision @ 1 and mrr scores . bert performs best on both datasets with a minimum of 0 . 5 map and 1 mrr indicating that the model is suitable for the task at hand . further , bert also performs well on the large and small datasets , with an absolute improvement of 2 . 5 points over the previous state - of - the - art models .
results are shown in table 3 . as the bias term indicates , the models trained on the feature - rich dif model can significantly improve the results for each category . however , for dif_how , the improvement is only noticeable when the model is in the 2nd category and not in the 3rd . since the model only works on feature - rich features , it is unable to improve the result for both categories . with this in mind , we also consider the effect of the loss of function function on classification performance . in particular , we notice that the difference between the performance of the model with the least amount of training time and the number of training sessions is very small , this suggests that the model may not be able to distinguish between the true response and negative responses .
performance of our system in only a few lines using uniparse is shown in table 1 . it can be seen that eisner ( generic ) and cle ( ours ) do not have significant impact on the performance of the system , since worst - case performance depends on the sorting bottleneck . we can also see that the use of unigram embeddings can further improve the system ' s generalization performance .
shown in table 3 , the models trained on the treebank ar_padt model outperform all the other models except for the one that trained on it . as a result , our model obtains a better performance on the baseline than the others we trained on . in fact , we even outperform our model with a 3 . 5 / 4 . 5 f1 score and a upp . 2 . 9 / 3 . 9 score . this is mostly due to larger variation of the model in the training set and the smaller size of the wrapper set .
3 shows the performance of our clustering method over the 28 datasets . we report the average and median values of the word form similarities , in % of 1 − vmeasure .
2 shows the performance of our models with pre - trained embeddings . we show the results in tables ii and iii . the results are in table ii . our model outperforms the competition with a large margin on the number of examples in the dataset , which shows the value of embedding the data in a better context .
3 compares the performance of our model with the previous stateof - the - art models . our model ( bert ) achieves the best performance with a 0 . 67 label accuracy and a 86 . 7 label accuracy .
performance of our system on fever dataset is shown in table 1 . as the table shows , training set and development set have the highest performance on the test set , and the number of questions per claim has the highest accuracy . the evaluation results are shown in tables 1 and 2 .
performance of our system on fever dataset is shown in table 2 . the training set achieved the highest performance with a ϕ score of 0 . 67 . the development set also achieved the best result with a score of 87 . 20 .
results for both scenarios are reported in table 1 . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . in both cases , the gap between the f1 and ff1 scores is narrower than in the other scenarios . for the germanic dataset , both the gap size and the number of iterations of the model for each scenario are significantly lower than the previous state of the art . with the exception of the case of burkhard - keller ' s ( hochreiter and schmidhuber , 1997 ) , the performance gap is relatively low for the two scenarios .
iii shows the performance of pretrained and non - pretrained embeddings compared to the pretrained method . pretrained embedding results yield a better performance on the test set , but on the larger dataset , a lower performance gain is obtained .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that pre - trained it on . in addition , the model performs better than the other models that trained it on the pretrained model . in fact , it even outperforms the model on some of the subtasks as well as on others as well . for example , we see that the model trained on the unigram ( i . e . the embeddings ) outperforms both the manual model and the model using the trans model . this is likely due to the large size of the training dataset and the high number of training instances .
2 shows the performance of our model in relation to non - wikipedia data . it is clear from the table that the transsupervised model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of entity linking accuracy .
3 shows the entity linking accuracy with pbel , using graphemes , phonemes or articulatory features as input . the accuracy of the input is shown in the second row . the performance of our system is marked with a “ * ” indicating that the input has good interpretability and that the output has a high quality .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of scenario prediction seem to indicate that the models are well - equipped to handle scenario prediction . however , the results are still slightly worse than those of ir and pmi , indicating that the model is more suitable for a variety of scenarios .
1 shows the performance of our model with respect to word embeddings . we observe that for all models , the performance is comparable to that of dsve w / w2v . however , for the model with the best performance , we see that adapting the model to the fast text feed helps the model achieve better results .
2 shows the performance of our model with respect to word embeddings . we observe that for all models , the performance is comparable to that of dsve w / w2v . however , for the model with the greatest performance gap , we see that adapting the features to the task at hand , thereby improving the performance for future models .
3 shows the image recall @ 10 score for different languages with different training data in the multi30k dataset . in most cases , the model performs better than the model trained on the original french embeddings . in fact , it even outperforms the model using only one language , namely , german .
4 shows the performance of our model with respect to embeddings in multi30k dataset with different languages with bv embeddings as the source . we observe that the performance drop significantly when we train with en + fr embedding the model in the same language .
results for a randomly - selected validator per question are shown in table 1 . the performance of the system in terms of em and f1 is reported in tables 1 and 2 . table 1 shows that the system performs similarly to the state - of - the - art on both datasets .
results are shown in table 3 . precision r - 1 and precision r - 2 are the best performing methods for precision recall . we observe that when only using multi - factor recall , precision accuracy is relatively high , we also observe that precision recall is relatively low when using only one - to - many multifactor recall methods , i . e . when only utilizing only one integral part of the recall dataset , as in the case of pg , there is no need to perform this in the production setting .
2 shows the performance of our model compared to the baseline model in 3 runs . we empirically found that our model performed significantly better than the baseline on both metrics ( m1 - latent , 1 . 11 ) and mape ( 1 . 14 ) . we also found that using m1 - shallow instead of shallow improves mape performance significantly ( p < 0 . 05 , resp . 0 . 005 ) . with the exception of glove , we observe that using the shallow position helps mape to improve interpretability and recall .
3 shows the performance of models trained on the imdb dataset compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that for all models that do not use the word " blog " , their performance is significantly worse than those on the news aggregator , especially for the large - scale datasets , such as the ag ’ s dataset , the bertsdv dataset , and the snli dataset . as a result , the model performs better on both datasets , with the exception of the big - scale dataset , where the performance drops significantly when training on the large scale datasets .
results are shown in table 3 . we empirically found that the ulmfit model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of accuracy on both datasets . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 . table 3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . our model obtains an f1 score of 4 . 60 / 5 . 71 on the imdb dataset and a bertvote score of 5 . 44 / 6 . 86 on the news dataset .
4 shows the effects on fine - tuning the bert - large model ( bert - l ) with multi - task learning . for imdb and ag ’ s news datasets , we report accuracies ( % ) , but also the percentage of error ( % ) . for both datasets , our bert model performs slightly better than the state - of - the - art news model ( 6 . 59 % , 7 . 02 % , and 8 . 59 % on average , respectively .
2 shows the results of automatic evaluation with perplexity . we observe that transdg performs similarly to seq2seq in terms of oov score , indicating that the model performs well in low - supervision settings . moreover , the performance of the models that perform the best is comparable to those of other comparable models .
3 shows the performance of our model in terms of entity evaluation . it is clear that the model performs well in low - supervision settings . however , it suffers from high oov score as compared to seq2seq and memnet , indicating that it is unable to distinguish between high and low score .
4 shows the results of automatic evaluation with bleu . our model outperforms all the models except seq2seq models by a significant margin . the results are summarized in table 4 . we observe that , on average , the model performs slightly better than the other models we compare it with . on the other hand , it performs slightly worse than other models that we compare with .
human evaluation results are shown in table 5 . the best performing model is seq2seq with a 2 . 41 f1 score and a 1 . 42 roc score . however , it is significantly worse than the other two models .
shown in table 7 , entity represents entity score and bleu - 2 represents relation score . transdg shows entity score as well as relation score as shown in fig . 7 . we observe that the model performs better than the two baselines on both test sets . in fact , it is comparable to the performance of qrt + kst .
results are shown in table 3 . our method outperforms all the previous methods in terms of both test set and goal set . our results show that our method can significantly improve the results for both datasets when trained and tested on the same dataset . moreover , the results are comparable with those by su and yan ( 2017 ) on both datasets , with the exception of the volkova et al . ( 2018 ) dataset , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing multiple datasets at once .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of the beam search for the reference are comparable to the greedy search ( b = 10 ) . however , the performance of the model in the look - ahead is less comparable to that of greedy search . we also observe that the bleu score improves by 2 points when using the same beam size .
3 shows the n - gram overlap between question and answer . the average number of words per question is 2 . 6 , compared to 2 . 0 for the other two systems .
2 shows the performances of the lstm model trained on the wmt16 multimodal translation dataset with different la steps . beam search significantly improves the model when the length of the target sentences is longer than 25 words . similarly , the bleu score of the model trained with the greedy search module is significantly lower than beam search .
3 shows the results of applying the same la module to the transformer model trained on the wmt14 dataset . we find that the performance decreases when the la time step is less than the bleu .
4 shows the results of integrating auxiliary eos loss into the training state . we find that using the greedy search helps the model to more robustly outperform the plain - aligned model . we also find that incorporating the loss of the eos gain boosts the model ' s performance to more than the weight of the auxiliary loss .
evaluation results are shown in table 1 . the best performing model is the one that relies on word embeddings for translation quality evaluation . it closely matches the best state - of - the - art model on the iwslt ’ 14 de - en test set . we observe that vaswani2017transformer outperforms all the other models with a large gap in performance .
results of text - line extraction on the diva - hisdb dataset ( see section iii - a ) are shown in table i . our proposed method outperforms state - of - the - art methods by 80 . 7 % in the accuracy and achieving nearly perfect results .
ii shows the results of the experiments shown in table ii . our proposed method obtains the ground truth of the semantic segmentation at pixel - level even if it runs on the same perfect input . in fact , the results show that it is superior to state - of - the - art text - line extraction methods even if the input is in the black - box .
1 shows the performance of our model on the image - sentence retrieval dataset compared to the previous state - of - the - art model on flickr30k . the results are summarized in table 1 . we show that the embedding network performs well on both datasets , with the exception of referit dataset , which performs slightly worse than expected by our method . retrieving the relevant documents from the relevant embeddings ( e . g . , name a vs . name bleu - 4 ) significantly improves the recall performance of the model . referit is trained on a single dataset , with an absolute improvement of 3 . 5 % on average compared to previous state of the art models . epmn performs particularly well on the entities dataset , where it is able to easily distinguish between entities and entities . entities are the most difficult to distinguish from entities , and the clustering performance of entities is particularly bad for the retrieving schemas dataset .
embeddings for flickr30k and referit datasets are presented in table 4 . we show the results of the best performing model on both datasets . the results are shown in tables 4 and 5 . word2vec + wn significantly outperforms the performance of the previous model in terms of image - sentence retrieval . referit significantly improves the recall performance on the two datasets compared to the previous state - of - the - art model .
3 shows the performance of our approach with respect to image - sentence and sentence embedding . we report accuracies and accuracy on the image - sentence retrieval scan and the qa r - cnn datasets . the performance of the multi - task pretraining approach with ft as the target is significantly better than the previous state - of - the - art model . it is clear from table 3 that the approach relies on word embeddings and the fact that the training data comes from the same source as the reference data . the accuracies of the approach are slightly higher than those of the original model , but still superior than the fqa ban , indicating that it relies on syntactic or semantic information .
results are shown in table 4 . the image captioning bleu - 4 improves upon the performance of the multi - task pretraining model by 3 . 5 points in the standard task metric and by 2 . 5 in the target task metric . finally , the phrase grounding accuracy metric improves by 4 . 3 points in standard task pretraining and to the extent that it can be trained on a single dataset ( e . g . , google docs , word2vec , word3vec ) .
4 : consistency of the adversarial effect ( or lack thereof ) for different models in the loop when retraining the model with bidaf and roberta . we observe that when using the dev - based model , the model performs slightly better than the original model in terms of f1 score . finally , the performance of the different models with different adversarial features is less than that of the original one . with the exception of the dberta model , which relies on a single - factor learning algorithm ( dev - based ) , the performance remains the same for all models except for those with two or more members .
3 shows the bleu score of all models tested on the distinct - 1 dataset . the results are shown in table 3 . seq2seq performed slightly worse than other models that do not have such a large impact on classification performance . as the results show , the clustering quality of the models is relatively high , we conjecture that this may be due to the large size of the dataset ( e . g . , the number of participants in the classifier , the type of clustering used , and the variation of the model in which the model was tested . it is clear from the results that all the models that perform poorly in this dataset have poor performance on clustering performance .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the test set with the maximum f1 score set at 40 . 6 . the results of all models tested on the dataset dbert dataset are shown in table 4 . table 4 shows the results for the evaluation set on the 10k test set . we empirically found that the em model significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of f1 scores . as a result , we set a new threshold for each evaluation set with a minimum of 10k on the dataset . we set the maximum number of iterations at 40 , while also setting the max number at 50 .
4 shows the bleu scores for the model architecture trained on the same data . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that both source and wikisplit significantly outperform the other two baselines , with the exception of splithalf , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing data .
performance of our model over the simple sentences predicted by each model is shown in table 6 . our model outperforms both the unsupported and the trained model by a significant margin .
5 shows the results on the websplit v1 . 0 test set when varying the training data while holding model architecture fixed . as table 5 shows , using only single sentence bleu and multi - sentence aleu improves the model ' s performance over the previous best model by a large margin . we can also see that incorporating the full websplit training set improves interpretability , as shown in fig . 5 .
2 shows the quality of the embeddings for each model . for example , we show the results for the two models , refs and refl , which show the performance of the model in the production setting . embdi walks with a significant drop in performance compared to the previous model .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the seep and seep datasets . the results are summarized in table 3 . for both datasets , the performance improvement is significant ( p < . 01 ) with a gap of 2 . 5 % in performance compared to the previous state of the art model .
results for unsupervised deeper are shown in table 4 . the performance of the supervised deeper is significantly worse than those of the raw deeper ( p < 0 . 001 ) and glove ( p > . 01 ) . embdi performs slightly better than both supervised and unlabeled deeper systems .
3 shows the evaluation results on the dataset dsquad + dbidaf dataset . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . table 1 shows the performance of the model on the evaluation data . we empirically found that the model performed best on the training data with a minimum of 0 . 0 f1 score and a maximum of 17 . 0 epm score on the validation data with an absolute improvement of 2 . 9 points over the previous state - of - the - art model .
results of the automatic evaluation procedure on a random sample of 1000 sentences are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms both the base and the same embeddings with a large margin . it achieves the best performance on a large corpus , outperforming both the systems in terms of same and same .
6 shows the human evaluation scores on a random sample of 300 sentences from minwikisplit . grammaticality ( g ) , meaning preservation ( m ) and structural simplicity ( s ) are measured using a 1 ( very bad ) to 5 ( very good ) scale .
results are shown in table 5 . we see that the hatelingo tweets are the most prevalent in the second half of the year , followed by the harassment tweets in the third and fourth half . golbeck2017 also found a large gap in the number of tweets for each of the four aspects , from 25 , 608 to 28 , 608 .
performance of our model compared to previous state - of - the - art models is presented in table 3 . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the multi - f1 dataset . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in all aspects except for the relation extraction . directness and mtsl achieve high ar scores , while the threshold for thresholding is low . retrieving the models from the baseline with the best performance on both macro - and micro - f1 datasets is the most difficult task for the model to solve .
results are shown in table 1 . tweets with the highest ar and micro - f1 scores are slightly better than those with the smallest ar and average f1 scores . the tweet model with the most consistent ar and f1 score is slightly worse than the other models with the least performance on both datasets .
1 compares the f1 score of multilingual bert and the baseline on french and japanese squad . as expected , both the official metrics of the benchmark ( f1 score and em ) are significantly better than those of the baseline ( 59 . 9 % ) in english .
2 shows the performance of our model in each of the 10 languages where it occurs . our model obtains the best exact match , for each language , with a 57 . 49 f1 score . similarly , for the two languages where the model occurs , we obtain the best f1 scores with a 58 . 49 and 59 . 93 average score .
performance of bert and bert ( pointwise + hnm ) on the unc [ unc ] dataset is reported in table 3 . the accuracies of both models are reported in tables 3 and 4 .
3 shows the bleu scores on the dgt valid and test sets of our submitted models in all tracks . the results are shown in table 3 . in all but one of the three scenarios , mt + nlg does not have a significant performance drop . in fact , the drop in performance is significant , with a gap of 2 . 5 points in bleus from the previous state of the art model .
6 : english nlg comparison against state - of - the - art on rotowire - test . we apply a set of fixes to the submitted nlg model , averaged over 3 runs . again , the performance drops significantly when using a 4 - player setup .
7 shows the ablation study results . our nlg model has 4 players . bleu ( normalized by the number of runs ) is 22 . 6 and 20 . 7 respectively compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . we find that shuffling the best players leads to a drop of 2 . 5 points in performance .
3 shows the f1 score on the development set for low - resource training setups ( none , tiny 5k or small 10k labeled danish sentences ) . we transfer the data via multilingual embeddings ( 3 . 2k sentences / 203k tokens ) and finetune with a large selection of training data . with the small selection of raw data as the transfer data , fine - tuning the model can further improve the performance . we use a single - sentence model ( tnt ) to transfer the raw data .
4 shows the f1 score for danish ner . our proposed method outperforms all stateof - the - art methods except for polyglot . in fact , it achieves the best performance with a 62 . 5 % overall improvement over the baseline .
3 shows the performance of the models in terms of f1 @ 5 and semeval scores . inspec models generally perform better than the state - of - the - art models on all metrics . for example , krapivin achieved a f1 of 0 . 262 and 0 . 273 on the test set , respectively , compared to the previous state of the art catseq model .
results are shown in table 2 . the catseq models outperform the oracle models in both the presented and the absent metrics . as can be seen from the results in table 1 , both the from the present and absent metrics show that the model performs well when using oracle as the source of the data . however , when using the unsupervised oracle data , the model does not perform well compared to the oracles model . in this particular case , the results are in the table 2 , where the average age of the models is set at 2 . 5 and the average number of responses is 1 . 5 . on the other hand , in the more realistic scenario , the performance is in the range of 2 . 7 and 2 . 8 respectively .
5 : ablation study on the kp20k dataset . the results of catseq - 2 in the full approach are shown in table 5 . we replace the adaptive rf1 reward function with a pair of f1 reward signals for the generated keyphrases . however , the results remain the same when using only one of the two rf1 rewards for each generated keyphrase . as shown in the table , the performance drop between present and the absent scores remains the same .
present and absent results of the models that catseqd trained on the new dataset are presented in table 3 . the results of both models appear to indicate that the model performs well on both datasets when the model is used with the current set of features . both the present and absent scores ( f1 @ 0 . 37 and 0 . 38 ) show that the models performed well on the two datasets when using the original data set . moreover , the performance of the model with the most recent features seem to be much better than those of the previous models , indicating that the performance gain from using the new data set may be due to the increased recall of the data set from the previous model .
results are shown in table 3 . as the results show , the human model outperforms the other models in terms of bleu score by a significant margin . from the above table , we observe that the augmented and unsupervised baselines ( ar + mmi + rl ) are comparable in some cases to human models ( e . g . the one with the worst performance on the stopword test set , and the one that had the highest ar and mmi score ( at 2 . 68 ) . while the human model was slightly better than the other two baselines , its performance was still slightly worse than those of the other three baselines we observe that when augmented with mmi , the residuals of the lexical information were removed , making it less appealing to model users . we also observe that for the two datasets in which ar was tested , its residuals were removed as well as the rest of the data . finally , for the three datasets in the table , our model was able to reduce residuals from the baseline to a negligible extent , which explains why our model performed so well in the first case .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the ar + mmi + diverse model achieves the best results with a 25 . 4 % overall improvement on the coherence and agr ( % ) score . however , it does not achieve the best performance with a 35 . 4 percent overall improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model . table 4 shows the performance of our model with respect to the concatenation of human and non - ar models .
4 shows the performances of our method on the wmt14 and wmt16 datasets . the results from our implementation are shown in table 4 . we observe that the non - ar + mmi methods perform better than the previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets .
3 shows the performance of different weighting variations evaluated on the compounds dataset ( 32 , 246 nominal compounds ) . the results on the german compounds dataset are shown in table 3 . transweight - trained models achieve the best performance with a dropout rate of 2 . 5 % in the standard weighting scheme , and a larger performance gap with n = 200 . in the dutch compounds dataset , the performance is slightly better than transweight , but still comparable to transweight ' s performance on the dev dataset .
top - of - the - decoder models for each language are presented in table 1 . as the results of applying the word embeddings for each category are shown in tables 1 and 2 , the average number of entries in each category is significantly lower than those in the previous set . in english , the model performs well in terms of both semantic and semantic extraction . the number of iterations in the final set is relatively small , with a marginal drop of 0 . 3 % compared to the previous state of the art . sub - categories for adjectives as adjectives and nouns are not particularly useful for this task , as the size of the sample tends to vary depending on the context of the conversation . for english , we use the word " noun " . as this table shows , the selection of adjectives for each sub - category is very small , however we do not consider them as a significant part of the overall performance of the model .
cnn outperforms ent - only and ent - dep1 in terms of f1 score . the results of ent - ent1 are shown in table 3 . ent - sent performs particularly well on cnn , with an absolute improvement of 3 . 6 points over ent - dym . further improving the cnn performance by 3 . 5 points on ent - nent .
2 shows the results of bertbase in test set of five datasets with different epochs . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that bertbase significantly outperforms semanticqa and yahooqa in terms of mrr and map metrics . it is clear from the results that the use of 3 epochs significantly boosts the performance of map and semevalcqa , both of which have different mrr scores .
cnn outperforms ent - sent and ent - dep in terms of f1 score . ent - dym also improves on cnn ' s ent - only score by 2 . 9 points in f1 scores . the results are shown in table 3 . the cnn dataset is significantly better than ent - ent on cnn , but it is inferior on ent - dataset . we observe that the cnn dataset has the worst performance of all the other models .
results are shown in table 3 . the first group of subtraction results show that the semantic annotations significantly improve the results for the two groups compared to the previous ones . as a result , the opiec - linked dataset is 5 . 8 % better than the original one . the second group shows the diminishing returns from mixing semantic annotations with syntactic or syntactic information .
isticartist ( 6 , 273 ) and associatedmusicalartist ( 7 , 273 ) . as these comparisons show , the performance quality of the model is very similar to that of the other two baselines : the model tends to have less variation in performance , but is comparable with the output of other baselines . as this is the case with both the model and the performer ,
results are shown in table 3 . the results are presented in terms of the total number of frames , the average error of each frame , and the percentage of frames that are labeled as ambiguous . in general terms , the results are less striking than those of non - ambiguous models . we conjecture that the quality of the final set may vary depending on the distribution of the data , but we do not consider this as a significant issue . our proposed method achieves the best results with a 1 . 5 framenet and 1 . 7 framenet performance on the single set .
3 shows the performance of bertbase and bertlarge in test set of five datasets . the number of training epochs is 3 compared to semevalcqa - 16 and map - 16 . the results are shown in table 3 . the size of the training epoch is small compared to the size of wikiqa . sem evalcqa and map datasets are both large and small .
6 shows the performance of the different classifiers when trained using the same parameter . the performance gain is modest but significant , improving over the previous state - of - the - art model . semeval classifiers perform better than either default or random search , indicating that the model performs better when trained with a larger number of parameters . finally , the performance gain from using only one parameter is modest , i2b2 classifier performs better than the other two .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the hidden test set in table 3 . as expected , the performance drop between 0 . 5 and 1 . 5 points for each model that interacts with the hidden class in the training set . for example , i2b2 class performs better than the original , while punct and digit do not .
model trained on the i2b2 dataset is able to do a lot better than the previous state - of - the - art model using crcnn .
experimental results on iwslt 2017 de → en and kftt 2014 en → de are shown in table 1 . the machine translation method significantly outperforms softmax and kftt in terms of bleu score . moreover , softmax also outperforms the λ - entmax baseline by a noticeable margin . it is clear from table 1 that the adaptation method relies on a large corpus of training data , which explains the high performance of the softmax model in the translation task .
results for c - lstm models trained with arxiv embeddings are shown in table 6 . the model trained with cc embedding improves the macro f1 by 2 . 5 % in the subtasks while the subtask improves by 3 . 5 % . the subtasks with the best performance have a larger margin than those without . we observe that the model trained on empty has the best f1 score with a large margin of error .
can be seen in table 3 , all the models using referit feature seem to have higher performance on unc testa and testb compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . referit features significantly better performance than lstm - cnn and kwa , both of which use g - ref as the pre - trained val for the referit test . as a result , the performance of referit is comparable to the performance by other models using the same feature set . further improving performance by the model is evident in the results of " reachit " and " rewritit " .
2 : ablation study of different attention methods for multimodal features on the unc val set . we report the results of cross - modal self - attention and dual - signal attention . the results are shown in table 2 .
can be seen in table 3 the performance of our model when trained on the prec @ 0 . 7 and last . 8 datasets . it can also be seen that our model performs better than other methods that rely on pre - trained models such as rmi - lstm and rcn - cnn . also , it can be observed that the accuracy obtained by the model is comparable to that of other methods using the same training set . this corroborates our intuition that the model performs well on the small - scale setting .
experimental results of the second metric are shown in table 2 . in the first metric , we observe that the performance of the model on the test set is significantly worse than the performance on the model of the same name . we observe that for both metrics , the performance drop significantly .
3 shows the performance of our model with respect to the tf - idf glove embeddings . our model improves upon the previous state - of - the - art model by 3 . 9 points in performance .
results are shown in table 3 . inspec models outperform random models in terms of f1 @ 5 and average f1 @ 10 . as shown in the table , inspec models tend to have higher f1 scores than random models , hence leading to fewer models performing better in the task . the krapivin model ( which relies on semeval embeddings ) achieves the best results with a minimum of 5 f1 and a maximum of 10 f1 .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the transformer 80m and transformer 90m . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the random model performs better than the monolingual model on both configurations . in fact , the average size of the model is closer to the original model ' s original size of 13m than the original one . with respect to recall scores , we see that the average f @ 5 model performs slightly better than either the original or the random one ( i . e . no - sort ) .
results are shown in table 3 . the results are summarized in terms of ablation scores ( adr ) and symptom scores ( kdr ) . the elmo - lstm - crf - hb shows the best performance on both datasets . detection ( 87 . 5 ± 0 . 05 ) and the drug – disease ( 71 . 2 ± 1 . 03 ) shows the effectiveness of the proposed method on the two datasets . as the results show , the adversarial nature of the model can be further improved with a reasonable selection of the best performing model . in particular , the improvement of the abr scores over the previous state - of - the - art model indicates that the model is well - equipped to handle the task at hand .
1 . 6 % improvement over the previous state of the art model on the diagnosis detection and epm tasks . further , for the drug – disease relations ( cdr ) , we see that both the support and the training data are significantly better than the other two methods . we also see that the combination of positive and negative messages is beneficial for both cases , however , the difference between the effectiveness of the two methods is less pronounced for the positive ones , we notice that the reduction in the percentage of positive messages that are used for the disease task is less striking for the negative one than for the other , although the difference is less statistically significant for negative messages , it is encouraging to continue researching into the topic for a better understanding of the disease .
shown in table 2 , the average number of dialogues per conversation was 15 . 5 and average length of sentences 160 . 92 , respectively , compared to the previous state - of - the - art training dataset of 240 / 3536 . we also observe that , for the two scenarios , dialogues are longer than average , with a gap of 4 . 5 % in average dialogues .
1 shows the performance of our model on paraphrase extraction . the results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms the baseline on both extraction and precision extraction .
5 : classification test scores for classifying r vs u in the br , us , and combined br + us dataset . the baseline score is 50 % .
2 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . we observe that our model significantly outperforms both the heads and shoulders with a noticeable margin . further , our model outperforms the other models in terms of number of responses and the percentage of responses that are generated . with respect to heads , we observe that the average response size for each model is close to the average of the other two models .
1 shows the performance of 2 data types compared to the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of fast sync and compact sync datasets . we observe that the heads and the heads of the models perform better than the other two data types . the performance of heads and heads is slightly worse than that of the heads , however , this is mostly due to the size of the data set and the number of iterations required to perform the job . further , the performance gap between the two is not significant at all ( i . e . the average number of responses taken for each transaction is less than the average of the two data types ) . we notice that the speedup of the transition from one data type to the other is less pronounced for compact sync than for fast sync . as a result , we notice less performance improvement on compact sync dataset and on fast sync dataset . difficulties are less prevalent for both data types table 2 shows that our proposed method can solve some of the problems of synchronization without sacrificing too many data points .
results are shown in table 3 . transformer - word is comparable to the transformer word in terms of mt02 and 08 bleu scores , on the other hand , rnn - search - bpe performs slightly worse than transformerword , we observe that for the table 3 we compare the performance of our model with other models using the same set of features . the results are broken down into sub - categories for each sub - category . in particular , we observe that the performance drop between the two categories indicates that the model is more suitable for the task at hand .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . multi - granularity model outperforms all the baselines except task slc and task flc in terms of number of parameters and task flc f1 score . the joint model performs better than all the other models except for bert , which results in significantly higher performance . as the results of bert and sigmoid are shown in table 3 , the performance gap between the two models is much larger than that of joint .
results on cqa dev - random - split with cos - e used during training are shown in table 2 . the accuracy on this data is reported in tables 2 and 3 .
3 shows the performance of our method with respect to cqa v1 . 0 . the addition of cos - e during training boosts performance by 10 % over the previous state - of - the - art .
4 shows the oracle results on cqa dev - random split using different variants of cos - e for both training and validation . as table 4 shows , when using only one variant of our model , the accuracy drops significantly and the precision remains the same .
6 shows the results for explanation transfer from cqa to out - of - domain swag and sotry cloze tasks .
1 shows the mean , standard deviation , and ensembled f1 scores for both the f1 and test set of redi et al . ( 2019 ) and the lqn split of 2019 . the results are shown in table 1 . bert and pu achieve the best results with a f1 score of 0 . 871 and 0 . 864 , respectively , compared to the previous state of the art ( i . e . , bert + pu ) . the results also indicate that bert is better than pu in terms of predicting citations and ef1 score . pu also improves the interpretability by a significant margin .
shown in table 1 , the number of synsets in the training set and the maximum depth of the hierarchy counted from the top synset of the domain . the number of instances counted from this table shows the depth of each context , and the inter - rater agreement ( κ ) . as can be seen in the table , the size of the top - synset is the most important factor in determining the level of knowledge .
2 shows the importance of each feature in terms of classification performance . it is clear from table 2 that the most important features in this category are food , music , and word length . the most important ones are word length and semantic information , which rank in the top 5 of each category .
3 shows the balanced accuracy and κ of predictions made in a new domain with or without normalization . the results are shown in table 3 . with the addition of domain - aware features , the output becomes more consistent and the κ increases with the frequency of the predictions .
1 shows the distribution of the event mentions per token in the eventi corpus . the distribution is shown in table 1 . for each pos that receives an event mentions , the number of tokens per token is set at 1 . 5 . for verb , the distribution is 2 . 5 % higher . for the nli dataset , the frequency of the noun mentions is 4 . 5 % . the percentage of tokens that receive an noun is also slightly higher .
2 shows the distribution of event mentions per class in the eventi corpus . for each dataset we report the number of mentions for each class we include in table 2 . the i_state dataset contains 9 , 041 event mentions , of which 2 , 798 are in the abstract .
3 shows the evaluation results for the different embeddings . the first set of models performed in the second set of experiments outperforms the previous models in every metric by a significant margin . we observe that the ilc - itwack model performs particularly well in the low - supervision settings . the second set shows the performance of the three models in the deep - vision settings when trained with a fast - forwarded evaluation framework . finally , the results of the third set are significantly worse than those of the previous two models .
results for the intra - dist dist - 1 and dist - 2 datasets are shown in table 3 . the bow embeddings outperform the other models in terms of both bleu and f1 scores . embedding e performs particularly well in the inter - dist distribution , with the exception of seqgan , which performs slightly better in the dist - 3 setting . further , the performance of the bow embeddings improves with the expansion of the distribution of the model .
human judgments for models trained on the dailydialog dataset are shown in table 5 . dialogwae - gmp significantly outperforms the baseline model in diversity evaluation and in informative evaluation . as a result , the diversity evaluation performed by the model was lower than the previous best state - of - the - art model by a noticeable margin .
2 compares the performance of our proposed methods and baselines . multiseq achieves the highest bleu score , but not significant , compared to seq2seq model . similarly , our proposed method achieves the best score for all three aspects : empathy , relevance , and fluency .
1 shows the performance of our model in 5 runs on the development sets of syntaxsql - con and cd - seq2seq . the improvements are significant with p < 0 . 005 indicating that our method is comparable to the best state - of - the - art systems in terms of match quality . furthermore , the improvements are small but significant , showing that our approach can improve the match quality without sacrificing too many training examples .
results are shown in table 3 . the system performs the best with an average precision of . 45 and . 50 respectively compared to the previous state - of - the - art systems . bibless and shwartz both receive average precision scores ( lowest than . 50 on average ) and high precision ( mid - to - low precision ) . the combination of word embeddings with precision scores significantly improves the performance of the system . in particular , it improves the precision scores for the two types of ablation tasks .
results reporting average precision values on the unsupervised hypernym detection task are shown in table 4 . it can be observed that the relu layer that takes negative values is more effective than the residual layer . further , it can be seen that relu with tanh can further reduce the sensitivity of the activation layer to negative values .
results on the unsupervised hypernym detection task for bless dataset are shown in table 5 . with 13 , 089 test instances , the improvement in average precision values obtained by spon is statistically significant with two - tailed p value equals 0 . 761 .
2 shows the rouge recall results on the nyt50 test set . the results are in table 2 . first sentences are significantly longer than those of full , and the gap between full and full is much narrower . rl + intra - attn also helps the model to learn the k words better .
results on the music and medical datasets are shown in table 7 . the best system on the two datasets is the one that performs best in the domain - specific task . on the music dataset , spon performs 34 . 05 % better than map and 35 . 64 % better on the medical dataset . on the other two datasets , the performance of spon is much worse .
shown in table 1 , the embeddings similarity scores between the real input and the target output are significantly higher in rl than in the pre - trained model . in fact , the real output is significantly worse than the real output .
3 shows the roc scores of models trained on amazon and bilstm . the best performing model is the dan model , which improves accuracy by 3 . 8 points over the previous state - of - the - art model . on the other hand , the performance of the hard model is lower than the sst model on the large datasets suggesting that the model performs well on both datasets .
4 shows the performance of the annotated questions and the observed agreement ( ao ) for gold standard dialogue . the results are shown in table 4 . the quality of the answers is relatively high , indicating that the model can easily distinguish between features and features .
results for table 3 show that our method outperforms the previous best state - of - the - art models in terms of both accuracy and recall . inceptionfixed was the better performing model , while bilstm was the worse performing one . doc2vec 23 . 2 ± 1 . 41 % had a better recall rate and was marginally comparable to the other two models . table 3 shows the results for both systems for the two scenarios .
4 shows the confusion matrix of the joint model on wikipedia . rows are the actual quality classes and columns are the predicted quality classes . the diagonal ( gray ) indicates correct predictions .
1 shows the results of large - scale text classification data sets for english news and chinese news categorization . the results are summarized in table 1 . the results of each data classification data set are presented in tables 1 and 2 . for english news classification data , we use a 5k x 10k data set with a total of 60k words for classification . we also use the sogou news dataset for german news classification as well as turkish news classification .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on ag and sogou datasets , as these results show , the model performs better on the 10k dataset compared to the baseline sememnn - ct model . finally , we observe that the performance of our model is comparable to that of other models using similar neural networks .
shown in table ii , the bleu scores for pre - trained models are shown in tables ii and iii . all prefix models show a significant drop in performance compared to the baseline . also , the performance of all prefix models is significantly worse than the baseline , indicating that pre - training models are more effective in predicting model performance .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . hosseini et al . ( 2017 ) outperform all the previous models with a gap of 2 . 5 points in performance . the results of pre - training the model are shown in table 3 . we observe that the performance gap between pre - trained and post - trained models is relatively small , but we observe that it is relatively consistent across all models with two exceptions ( hochreiter et al . , 2017b , c , c ; and roy , et . al . , 2018 ) .
1 shows the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of woz 2 . 0 corpus . the proposed bert + rnn + ontology model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in both goal accuracy and cost reduction .
2 shows the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of multiwoz corpus . it can be seen that the sumbt model achieves a comparable performance to the glad zhong et al . ( 2018 ) baseline on a multi - dimensional evaluation dataset .
performance of our model on the validation set is presented in table 3 . the performance of bert and sst models is shown in the results table . as the results of fine - tuning the model seem to indicate , the performance of the transfer model may vary depending on the size of the dataset , the training set size and the number of iterations required to achieve the best performance . in particular , the accuracy of transfer models that can be further improved with a finetuned model can be seen in table 4 .
performance of our model on the validation set is reported in table 3 . the results of fine - tuning our model are shown in bold . as the results show , the performance of bert , snli and sst are all statistically significant improvements over the previous state - of - the - art models . snli also has a significant performance drop due to the size of the data set and the number of iterations required to transfer the data . moreover , the transfer distance accuracy drop from 0 . 3 to 0 . 9 indicates that the model is well - equipped to handle the task at hand . we conjecture that hubert ( transformer ) is better than both bert and snli due to its larger size and larger transfer distance .
3 shows the hubert transfer and target corpus scores for each model . as these results show , the performance of all the models that belong to this class is significantly better than those by any other margin . mnli and rte significantly outperform the other three models in terms of bert and filler schemas . the performance of the three models is presented in table 3 .
unigrams and bigrams also significantly improve the auroc score for the primary and secondary ccs datasets , weighted according to the number of frames in each dataset . however , for the icd - 9 dataset , we only see a drop of 0 . 005 compared to the previous state - of - the - art results . as a result , our model performs poorly on both the primary and secondary datasets , with the exception of the one that contains all the features that are important for the ccs top - 1 dataset ( the unigram model ) , we see an absolute drop of 1 . 5 points compared to previous state of the art models . this suggests that there is a need to design more sophisticated features to improve the recall scores .
results are shown in table 3 . the bert12 model outperforms all the other models except for the one that speedup requires . inference speedup is relatively low , but it is comparable with the performance of other models that use the same feature set . moreover , when using only 1x the training data , the performance drops significantly . we conjecture that the speedup of the model may result in a drop in performance , but we do not believe this is a case of overfitting . as shown in the second group of results , we conjecture that this is the case .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the best performing model is the one adabert - qnli model , which improves upon the performance of the original model by 4 . 5 points . moreover , it outperforms the competition on both sst - 2 and qnli datasets , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing syntactic and semantic information . further improving the performance by 3 . 4 points on the sst2 dataset , when combined with the improvements on the rte dataset , underscores the importance of iteration .
results are shown in table 5 . it is clear from table 5 that the contribution of β to rte is important for the model to achieve the best performance .
4 shows the effect of additional knowledge loss terms on model performance . we observe that for all models except base - kd , the effect is only marginally significant .
results on cmu - mosi are shown in table 1 . our model significantly outperforms the current state of the art models on all evaluation metrics , including the f1 ↑ and corr ↑ scores . similarly , the performance of sota2 and sota3 compare to the previous best state of art models . the results are highlighted in bold and indicate the change in performance of m - bert model over sota1 .
in ms is shown in table 1 . the average number of frames in the sentence taken by rl model is 2 . 43 times faster than the gaussian mask , indicating that rl model can improve the model ' s generalization ability . rl model also improves the recall ability for sentence prediction using a gaussian mask .
3 shows the me score for each image after which it falls below threshold . the results are shown in table 3 . the average score for both sets is slightly higher than that of imagenet . the difference between the average score of the two sets is much smaller . the comparison of the original and the original sets is larger .
model achieved the best results with hotflip and soft - att on the en - de test set . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . transformer significantly outperforms min - grad in all but one of the comparisons . the model achieves a significant improvement in the success rate over the random and soft - att set , the performance of transformer is markedly better than that of blstm due to the larger size of the training set and the larger training set size . finally , the performance improvement over the soft - att set is modest but significant , reaching a high of 69 . 5 % on the test set , in comparison to the previous state of the art .
3 shows the performance of the en - de model compared to the original min - grad model . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that , when trained with soft - att and hotflip , the lblstm1 model performs better than the other models . also , the performance is slightly worse than that of the original model ( i . e . when using random or soft - att , the model performs worse than the original one . finally , we observe that adapting the model to the needs of the learner is beneficial , improving the performance by a noticeable margin .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the en - de model performs better than the other models using hotflip and soft - att . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 . in particular , the results are significantly worse than those of the random - based model , i . e . that the model with the most training data is able to pick out the best features for each model with a minimum of training data .
2 shows the degradation of the sacrebleu dataset as a function of the proportion of bitext data that is noised . we show the decrease in the percentage of bites that are noised compared to the growth in the number of bites .
4 shows the performance of reverse models compared to noisedbt on wmt16 enro . we show that when using bitext as the base model , the model performs better than the other two baselines . the wei et al . ( 2017 ) model achieves the best performance with a 28 . 3 % boost on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . with respect to dev model , we see that it is better to rely on bitext instead of naggedbt for decoding .
results on wmt15 enfr are shown in table 5 . we observe that bitext and noisedbt are comparable in terms of performance on the test set , but their performance is slightly worse than those on the benchmark set .
shown in table 6 , the attention sink ratio on the first and last token is the same for all sentences in newstest14 , and for entropy as well . it is also lower than the previous state of the art systems , bitext baseline shows a significant drop in performance compared to noisedbt . similarly , the text in bitext is less interesting , with a drop of 3 . 96 points in entropy from the baseline to 0 . 864 . pretrained and / or tagged text are the only ones that seem to have a significant impact on the model ' s performance .
results are shown in table 7 . we observe that standard decoding has the highest performance on average compared to noised decoding , indicating that the model is well - equipped to handle multi - decode decoding . furthermore , the results are slightly worse than those in the naive set ( i . e . noised or noised ) .
results in table 9 show that the use of a standard decoding method can reduce the amount of source - target overlap for both back - translated and unlabeled data , resulting in an 11 . 4 % drop in performance for the model decodes compared to the previous state of the art .
can be seen in table i the distribution of the documents among the classes of the reuters - 8 . it can be observed that the raw material distribution is very similar across all classes , with the exception of the one that gets the most data .
results are shown in table 3 . our proposed method outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in both embeddings and on the std . deviation test set . in particular , it achieves the best performance with 86 . 5 % accuracy and 1 . 03 f1 score compared to the previous best state of the art model , tf - msm .
3 shows the performance of our conll - 2014 model compared to previous stateof - the - art systems . the results of our model are shown in table 3 . we empirically found that the errant and m2 scores significantly outperform the other models in terms of both recall and f0 . 5 score . as these results show , the clustering performance of the models is relatively consistent across all metrics , with the exception of m2 .
classification labels and distribution per source are shown in table iii . for each source we included a description , a description and a distribution label . we also included a percentage of items that didn ' t belong to the previous categories . these labels were used to label hackforums and other forums with similar features .
performance of the models on the hack forums and logistic regression tasks is reported in table iii . the results are presented in tables iii and iv . table iii shows the performance of each model on the various types of topics . the model that performs best on the two types of events is named fasttext . it can be observed that the method used by the model performs better on both the training and the production tasks . the method used to improve the recall performance is described in section iv .
results are shown in table 1 . semantic similarity and entailment are the most distinctive features of lexical classification , and their performance is comparable to that of syntactic information . syntactic information alone has a significant impact on predictive performance , but it is less significant than semantic information alone . this is mostly due to the large size of the dataset and the relatively high number of training instances .
3 shows the performance of our model on the wikipassageqa dataset . our model improves upon the previous state - of - the - art on every metric with a minimum of 0 . 5 p @ 1 and 10 . 2 p @ 10 on the metrics dataset . we also managed to improve upon the dssm score by 3 . 9 points on the validation set .
3 shows the results of our trained model compared to other models trained on the same corpus . the results are shown in table 3 . we empirically found that the arman word embedding model significantly improves the performance of the peyma word embeddings .
3 shows the results of our approach in terms of test data 1 and out domain . the results are presented in table 3 . morphobert performs well in both domains , with the exception of the one in out domain . we observe that for both datasets , the performance drop significantly when training in a single domain compared to the previous state - of - the - art model .
can be seen in table 3 the performance of the systems in question on the medical device term and the sports rehab machine term . we can also see that the system in question performs slightly better than the other systems in terms of both the medical device term and the sports rehabilitation machine term .
3 shows the evaluation results of our system on the evaluation data . our system outperforms all the state - of - the - art systems with a large margin . the results of " mt " and " gtp " are presented in table 3 . epm models significantly outperform the performance of " g & lstm " on both evaluation data , the performance of epm model is significantly better than that of " gnu " . the evaluation results are summarized in table 1 . we use the word " neural network models " to describe the evaluations results of the epm network models and the descriptions of the network models using it . table 3 compares epm with the evaluations performed on the previous system by the same group of participants . note that epm is primarily used to train neural network models , not to network network models . in addition , epm also outperforms the competition on evaluation data with a significant margin .
table 3 compares cnn with other top - performing models using the word " rand " . the results are presented in table 3 . table 3 shows that cnn : rand significantly improves the average ranking of its model compared to other models using similar word embeddings . overall , the results are slightly worse than those of " wtp " and " wd " . table 2 shows the evaluation results for both cnn and wtp . the average ranking for both models is 78 . 6 / 67 . 3 on average compared to 77 . 3 / 87 . 4 on the other two systems .
1 shows the results for the target → system ↓ cnn : rand model compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . overall , the results are slightly superior than those for the other two systems , table 2 shows that the differences in performance between the two approaches are mostly due to the size of the training set and the number of features that contribute to the overall improvement .
2 shows the performance of our nlu models compared to golve - based models . the accuracy of our model is 98 . 45 % on a random baseline . this confirms the effectiveness of our method .
can be seen in the table below that the accuracy of the answers provided by the gui is comparable to that of google translate , indicating that the model is suitable for reading the provided answers . as a result , the average age of the questions in the presented answers was slightly lower than those in the original ones , but still comparable to the state of the art in terms of recall . in addition , the ability to recall the answers in a reasonable time ( around 90 % of the time ) reduces my need to google a specific information ( e . g . , whether a question contains a statement or a question that is not addressed by the company or a member of the company ) .
results are shown in table 4 . the results of unsupervised ir baselines are presented in table 5 . semantic similarity methods outperform the other methods in terms of overall results , however , they do not exceed the performance of the best - performing model , i . e . the " cooking " dataset , which results in significantly better results than the " other " dataset . further , the results of applying the semantic similarity methods to the " food " dataset are significantly less consistent than those of the other three baselines . as a result , our model performs slightly better than the other two baselines on both datasets when using the embeddings of our model . table 5 shows the results for the " g & l " dataset in table 6 . it is clear from the results that the semantic analogy methods have superior performance on the " travel " dataset compared to other methods .
3 shows the performance of the semantic rankers compared to the syntactic rankers . thematic rankers significantly outperform the thematic rankers in terms of rnd and ub score , however , for both embeddings , the results are slightly worse than those obtained by the thematics rankers ( table 3 ) . the semantic ranker , de , and λ rankers have the highest performance , but on the other hand , their performance is slightly worse .
4 shows the evaluation results for different classifiers . we empirically found that each classifier has different evaluation results . as table 4 shows , when the agent is trained on a new dataset , the cost of training on the new dataset is significantly less than when trained on the original dataset . additionally , the quality of the training data is markedly less than the cost to train on a different dataset .
5 shows the performance of our model in cross - lingual evaluation . our model outperforms both the state - of - the - art and the rnd baseline by a significant margin .
results are shown in table 3 . the results of our model are summarized in bold . our model achieves the best results on both metric metrics with a gap of 0 . 5 points from the previous state of the art ( " tf - idf " , " bm25 " ) . it further improves on the model by adding the rank of the model with the highest rank of bm25 .
shown in table 1 , the bilstm achieves the best performance with a f1 score of 78 . 53 and 79 . 86 on the epistemic activities , respectively , compared to 75 . 86 and 77 . 86 for the non - epistemic ones . this indicates that the use of fasttext embeddings can improve interpretability .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the combination of text and sentence embeddings significantly improves the bert logits performance over the pre - trained bert model by 3 . 5 points , as the results show , using text - based logits significantly boosts bert performance , but does not improve the model performance by much .
results are presented in table 3 . the proposed methodologies appear to have little effect on the development performance . however , contrary to intuition , they do have a significant impact on the performance of the proposed method , leading to a drop in performance from the previous state of the art to less than 0 . 005 .
4 shows the evaluation results for the kras dataset and the pik3ca test set . the results are summarized in table 4 . the evaluation results show that the model with the highest recall score has the highest true relevance score . table 4 also shows the performance of map metrics with a significant drop in recall score compared to ndcg @ 10 . these metrics are used to derive the model ' s evaluation scores and the ranking scores of the models using the evaluation scores . map metrics have the most significant effect on evaluation performance , with the greatest impact being on recall score .
1 shows the performance of our system compared to ours ( linspector web ) . we report the number of supported languages and the type of training tasks compared to our system , we also include the model embeddings for offline tasks as well as for probing tasks . we show the results of our approach compared to the previous evaluation using 10 - dt . our approach outperforms the previous state - of - the - art approach by a significant margin . the results of applying our approach are shown in table 1 . with respect to offline tasks , we maintain a slight advantage over our approach with respect to word similarity .
6 shows the evaluation results . our system outperforms all the other approaches except for glioblastoma . the results are shown in table 6 . it can be seen that the system performs well on both datasets .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . we use svm ( original ) and bilstm ( reproduced ) to derive the keywords for each data prediction task . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . the results of re - training the model with the best performance on the three data prediction tasks is shown in the table 1 .
2 shows the rmse for both strategies on each corpora with randomly sampled target difficulties . the results are shown in table 2 .
3 shows the error rates e ( t ) per text and strategy compared to the hard ( dec ) size . the results marked with ∗ deviate significantly from the default def score , as table 3 shows , the performance of our model deviates significantly from that of the original model .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the performance of framenet with lexicon is comparable to that of lexicon with f1 - m without lexicon . with lexicon , the results are slightly superior than those of f1 , while the results remain the same . the results of using the word embeddings for model initialization are slightly less striking than those without . framenet also outperforms the results of the lexicon - lexicon baseline with a gap of 2 . 5 points from the last published results ( gillick et al . , 2016 ) . we notice that the average ranking of model initialization is slightly less than that of the word " acc " , indicating that the model is more suitable for lexicon - based contexts .
are presented in table 3 . the first group of models shows the performance of each model when trained on a single dataset . they outperform all the other models except for the one using coider ( clarke et al . , 2017 ) . the second group shows the results of adapting the data to a larger dataset . the results of cluster ( cider ) and f1 consistently show that the model performs well on both datasets , with the exception of the bider dataset , which shows the diminishing returns from adding data to the dataset when training on multiple datasets .
1 shows the rouge scores of recent summarization systems evaluated on a subset of 100 summaries . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . table 1 shows that the method can easily reduce the number of incorrect summaries for reference .
results are shown in table 3 . infersent consistently outperforms random , unsupervised and infersent models , further improving performance by 10 % on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . note that the results are slightly less striking than those of val and sse , indicating that the differences in performance between the two models are not significant .
2 shows the french contraction rules . for lequel , vois ci → voilà , and vois là → desquels . for the desquelles , there is no difference in the quality of the dialogues . the difference is less pronounced for the lequel ( which is the case in most cases when there are no dialogues ) and for the auxquels ( which are the cases in which dialogues are formulated ) .
can be seen in table 3 the disjoint setup of learner and learner in the setup of 2018naaclps . as the table depicts , the setup consists of two stages : disjoint dbless and full wbless . table 3 shows the setup results for both stages . the learner ( vulic et al . , 2018 ) is the only one that is able to setup the full setup on the same scale as the other two stages .
2 shows the precision ( ap ) of our postle models in cross - lingual transfer . we show results for spanish and french , both target languages ( shannon et al . , 2018 ) and three methods for inducing bilingual vector spaces . the results are shown in table 2 . our method for spanish embedding is significantly better than the previous method for french embedding .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the stanford rule - based ranking outperforms the conll model in terms of both head and average ranking . as a result , the average ranking of the models in the final set is significantly lower than those in the pre - trained set , further , the difference in performance between the final score of the model is less pronounced , we conjecture that the drop in performance due to the high number of training instances and the low number of test set instances is due to high variation of the training set size .
experimental results of experiment 1 and experiment 2 are shown in table 1 . the performance of the model according to the quality of the regression predictions is shown in the mean ± sem .
iii shows the performance of different syntactic representations in relation to each dataset . the performance of pos - cnn is reported in table iii . it is clear from the results that it performs better than both the original and the pos - han model on both datasets .
iv shows the performance of the combined models compared to the lexical - han model on the ccat10 and blogs10 datasets . syntactic - hans performs better than lexical , while it is closer to syntactic . we observe that the performance gap between syntactic and lexical is much narrower .
results are shown in table v . the performance of our system is reported in tables v and vii . it is clear from the results that the performance is significantly better when using the parallel and multi - fusion approaches .
performance of our models for each dataset is shown in table vi . the best performance is achieved by our system on the ccat10 dataset , while the best performance by our model is obtained on the blogs dataset . we observe that the performance on the continuous dataset is significantly better than the svm - affix - punctuation baseline on the large - scale ccat50 dataset .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the lstm conditional model . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both svm and ns f1 score . in fact , the svm model with the most performance improvement is the one with the worst performance on the ns metric .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the conditional model outperforms the svm and lstm models in terms of f1 score . the svm model performs better than the other models that rely on word embeddings . finally , we observe that svm [ italic ] c + lstm [ roc ] r achieves the best performance with a gap of 2 . 5 points from the previous state of the art .
3 shows the performance of our system with respect to randomization . our system achieves a 3 . 9 % f - score improvement over randomization and a 4 . 2 % overall improvement over state - of - the - art systems .
experimental results are shown in table 3 . lemodal embeddings reduce recall and improve recall performance . we observe that the multi - factor approach improves recall performance by 3 . 8 % over random embeddings ( table 3 ) . further , it reduces error rates by 2 . 5 % over naive state - of - the - art models ( t + a + v ) .
speaker dependent and speaker independent achieve comparable performance with the previous state - of - the - art models , but do not exceed the best performance on all metrics .
