3 presents the f1 scores of the models trained on the multi - news dataset . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . table 1 shows that the psd has the best f1 and average psd ood f scores . interestingly , the pas model outperforms both the amr and pas datasets in terms of f1 score . psd also contributes significantly to the eds event performance , with the exception of the one where it obtains a pas id .
3 presents the performance of our model on the bert dev and biobert test sets . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets . mednli ( m ) and snli ( s ) achieve outstanding results on both tests , with the exception of biobert dev having a better performance . the improvements over the previous model are mostly due to the reduced performance of syntactic or semantic variation in the model .
2 shows the performance ( across 100 seeds ) on the sst2 task . elmo shows high performance on a - but - b sentences , negations ( 87 . 32 % vs . 87 . 36 % ) , and both a - but - negations ( 83 . 36 % ) . the elmo model significantly outperforms the no - project model in negation sentences .
shown in table 3 , the average accuracies of the baseline and elmo ( over 100 seeds ) on neutral sentences are also shown in the table . similarly , the elmo score on non - neutral sentences is shown in fig . 3 .
experimental results on the validation set are presented in table 4 . the results of both methods are shown in p < . 01 . for both methods , the accuracy of the label and the number of parameters used to input the data is significantly higher . for the glove embeddings , we see . 846 f1 and . 866 eq . both methods outperform the baseline on both validation set .
experimental results on the validation set are presented in table 4 . the results of both methods are shown in p < . 01 . for both methods , the accuracy of the label and the number of parameters used to input the data is significantly higher . for the glove dataset , we used the { t / n , p ≤ . 005 } method , which significantly outperforms the previous state of the art method .
results are shown in table 4 . the best performances are obtained by concatenating the results of the best models with the best f scores . for topic_science , gong et al . ( 2018 ) and topic_wiki , the results are p . 758 and f . 864 , respectively . these results show that precision on topic - wiki is relatively high , with a boost of 2 . 6 % on average compared to the previous experiment .
3 shows the results for cnn and lstm with the full attention set at 19 . 7 % and 17 . 9 % respectively compared to the previous state of the art . the cnn model significantly outperforms the baseline on both full and part - of - the - model tasks . table 3 compares the results of bl + c models on the cnn and cnn mrr datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . the improvement on cnn is due to the reduced variation in the number of iterations from the baseline to the final attention set , which further boosts the model ' s performance on cnn .
3 shows the performance of the wmt and wmt en - de models compared to the baseline . table 3 presents the results of each model . the wmt model achieves the best performance with a 2 . 14 × improvement over the baseline on both tests . further improving performance by using k = 1 achieves the highest bleu score ( 25 . 86 vs 25 . 86 ) on both test sets .
2 presents the performance of our model with the hidden size and the number of iterations . our model achieves a 3 . 36 % improvement over the previous state of the art model . with the small size and number of concatenated nodes , we achieve a 4 . 66 % increase in accuracy .
5 shows the performance of our 3 stacked cnn models compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . cnn outperforms both the lstm and bilstm in all but one case .
4 : test set results on movie review dataset ( * denotes significance in all tables ) . our model achieved the best results with 82 . 45 % accuracy on the training set . transformer ( n = 8 ) achieved the highest performance with a 2 . 75 % overall improvement over the previous state of the art model .
results are shown in table 4 . the shortest time taken to capture a video is reported in bilstm ( around 2 . 5 seconds ) . video also gets better performance than the slstm however , it has the advantage of training on a larger data set . bimstm has the better overall performance and is more accurate in predicting the shot quality . finally , the accuracy is improved with the addition of multi - task learning .
results are shown in table 4 . the best performing bilstm with the highest accuracy is achieved by ( p < 0 . 01 ) on the validation set . further , the best performing 3 - step model is sogaard2011 , yang2017transfer , and huang2015bidirectional . these models outperform all the previous models except for the one that had the worst performance .
3 stacked models outperform the previous best state - of - the - art models on both datasets in terms of f1 and test scores . the first set of models shows the performance of the models when trained and tested on a single stacked dataset .
2 presents the results of the best models on the development set . our model outperforms the best previous models on three out of the four challenges . this validates our hypothesis that the best model is the best on dev .
3 presents the results of the best model on development set . our model outperforms all the challenge systems except for the one that takes the most training time . this indicates that the model performs well on dev set .
4 shows that increasing the number of layers in the parse decoder significantly boosts the speedup while marginally impacting bleu . using only one layer , thereby attending to only one error per context , significantly decreases bleu ( by 1 . 1 × speedup ) and marginally boosts k = 6 ( by 2 . 1x speedup ) . additionally , when sampling k from { 1 … 6 } at once , the performance is marginally improved ( 25 . 31 % ) with minimal impact on speedup .
4 shows e2e and webnlg development set results in the format avg ± sd . human results are averaged over using each human reference as prediction once . as expected , bleu shows lower performance than rouge - l on all metrics except for english , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing human and human reference .
errors and grammatical errors are presented in table 4 . as the results of info . dropped ( from left to right ) show , the error rate for each error is 15 . 2 % on average compared to the previous best state of the art . in addition , the percentage of errors caused by info . added was 15 . 3 % higher than those caused by errors in the original embeddings . sentiment errors are caused by incorrect spell checkers , as shown in the table 4 .
1 shows the e2e human and webnlg word scores . the average number of words for each word is slightly higher than the average number for the other two , but still higher than both the human and webnlg character . table 2 shows the performance of the " unique " word e and the " word e " character . the difference between the two is less pronounced for the original word , but larger for the " new " word .
7 shows the results for 10 random test instances of a word - based model trained with synthetic training data . c @ n = avg . number of correct texts ( with respect to content and language ) among the top n hypotheses among the 2000 examples in table 7 . using reranker instead of template improves the model ' s performance , as shown in fig . 7 .
experimental results of our model are shown in table 1 . the top section summarizes our model ' s rouge metric performance , followed by the bottom section by wang and lee ( 2018 ) . our model obtains state - of - the - art supervised method along with our implementation of a seq - to - seq model with attention .
experimental results of extractive summarization on google data set are shown in table 2 . the first section shows the performance of the unsupervised model compared to the supervised baseline . f & a is the average number of tokens overlapping score , and cr is the compression rate . contextual match is the most efficient match , with a f1 score of 82 . 1 and a roc score of 0 . 39 .
shown in table 3 , the extractive r2 and f1 scores of all models are significantly better than those without cat . the models trained on temp10 outperform all the models except cs except for the one that had cat in it . moreover , the model with the most cat in the class outperforms all the other models except for cs with the least cat in terms of r2 .
3 : official evaluation results of the submitted runs on the test set . in general , all the classifiers perform well , with the exception of the mv class . the two classifiers contribute significantly to the overall performance of the model , with a 2 . 2 % overall improvement .
3 : f1 and exact match comparisons of the predicted chunk sequences ( from the original parser in the target language ) , and ground - truth chunk sequences obtained by jointly training the token decoder . parsed prediction vs . gold parse ( separate ) yields a 4 . 24 % f1 score improvement and a 43 . 10 % overall improvement over the baselines trained using the original target language . table 3 also compares the performance of the two decoders in the gold - adapted corpus .
3 shows the performance of decoder decoder and decoder . we choose sick - rnn as decoder , and sst - 14 as the decoder decoding scheme . uniform sampling performs better than the previous state - of - the - art methods , as measured by the msrp ( acc / f1 ) and pearson correlation coefficient . the sst and trec decoding schemes have the best performance , with the sst performing slightly worse than the other two .
3 shows the performance of each decoder compared to the previous state of the art . encoder type and decoder type are presented in table 3 . the performance of both decoder types and the dimension of sentence representation : 1200 is the most representative of the word " sentence " . the accuracy of the decoder with the smallest number of parameters is reported in table 1 .
2 shows bleu scores for training full word and byte pair encoded nmt models . full word models limit vocabulary size to 50k . they also outperform the wmt de - en , wmt ro - en and wmt en - fr . however , they do not exceed the upper boundary of the 50k - based wmt model , which severely limits vocabulary size .
pre - selection results are shown in table 1 . all models have ≈ 5m parameters . the highest ppl score is syl - lstm - 83 . 3 , which means that all models have 5m parameters to test set perplexity . similarly , the highest syl - avg score is 82 . 3 .
3 presents the results of our model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that it competes with , namely , on the fr / de test set . it closely matches the performance of char - cnn and svm - s .
5 compares the performance of our lstm with the original rhn . the results are presented in tables 5 and 6 . replacing the 8 - dimensional rhn with a variational rhn improves the ppl score by 0 . 7pp . however , the difference is still significant , which suggests that the performance gain comes from a better design choice .
1 shows the effect of adding titles to premises . as expected , the esim on fever one is significantly higher than the support kappa score ( which indicates that there is a need to add titles to existing premises ) .
2 presents the results of test set on fever title five . concatenating evidence or not , the models generally perform better than those using esim or tfim . however , the difference between esim and tfim is much larger .
3 : percentage of evidence retrieved from first half of development set from tfidf ( 71 . 1 % ) and total number of instances retrieved from the development set ( 83 . 1 % ) . the percentage of instances that contain multiple titles ( 72 . 8 % ) is slightly higher than the previous state of the art , however still comparable .
4 presents the fever score of various systems . all use ne + film retrieval . the system developed in table 4 shows that the performance gap between development and implementation is minimal .
shown in table 2 , the accuracy for the isolated example experiment mapping from 2000 → 2001 is 58 . 9 % ( paired t - test ) and the projection accuracy is 71 . 9 % .
performance of all pairs , including oov , is reported in table 4 . all pairs except oov ( except for the in - vocabulary pairs ) are considered , except for those that use word embeddings . in all but one case , the participation of both pairs in the original pairs is significant , with the exception of oov which is used in the multi - decoder setting .
3 presents the f1 scores of the models trained on state - of - the - art computer coreference models . in particular , we highlight the performance of the lτce model compared to the original tl2rtl model ( see table 3 ) . in addition , the difference between the average f1 score of the two models is less pronounced for the original model ( lei et al . , 2018 ) . the impact of the additional cost term on performance is not statistically significant , however it is significant for the second model ( lτce ) . when using the lei - based coreference network , the performance drops significantly , leading to a drop in performance .
results are presented in table 2 . all the data in the table are statistically significant , while the exception of the all data is statistically significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) . the results of " all " and " only " data are broken down into two categories : the illegal onion half 1 and the legal onion half 2 . on the ebay half 2 , we see that the average number of responses for each onion is significantly lower than the average of the other two .
2 shows the percentage of wikifiable named entities in a website per domain , with standard error . legal onion is the most frequently used classifier , and is slightly less frequently used on ebay .
ukb ( this work ) shows that ukb outperforms ukb in all aspects except s3 and s15 . the difference between ukb and ukb is most striking in s15 , where ukb performs better on s13 . 5 % more frequently than ukb . this validates our hypothesis that the two systems are linked .
2 presents the f1 results for supervised systems on the test set of hotpotqa . the summaries generated by these models are summarized in table 2 . they show that the supervised systems perform well on all test sets , with the exception of s3 where the performance drops significantly .
present the results of the single context sentence and the multi context sentence . results are presented in table 3 . single context sentence performance is comparable across all sentences , with ppr achieving a performance comparable to dfs ' ppr on all but one of the comparisons .
models outperform bow and svm on all metrics except swbd2 . the bow model outperforms all the other models except for the one that relies on logistic . lin et al . ( 2016 ) and parallelism show that bow + logsitic and tf - idf combine to improve predictive accuracy . doc2vec + logistic improves bow ' s predictive accuracy by 2 . 36 points over the previous state of the art model .
2 shows the performance of our approach with respect to domain matching accuracy on sql queries . syntaxsqlnet achieves a best performance of 25 . 0 % on the test set and a slight improvement over bert ' s performance of 19 . 7 % . using attention and matching accuracy , binet achieves an average matching accuracy of 48 . 7 % , but slightly outperforms the seq2seq baseline by a margin of 2 . 2 % .
2 : exact matching accuracy of syntaxsqlnet , irnet and irnet ( bert ) with the ability to perform both easy and hard tasks at the same time ( upadhyay et al . , 2018 ) . the performance of both approaches is reported in tables 2 and 3 . it is clear from the table 2 that the performance improvement from the easy approach to the hard approach is significant , and that both approaches have comparable performance to each other .
3 : exact matching accuracy on development set with the header ‘ sql , semql and copying ’ indicates that the approaches are learned to generate sql queries , while the header ' semql ' indicates that they are trained to generate semql queries . syntaxsqlnet achieves a performance improvement of 25 . 0 % overall compared to the previous state - of - the - art model .
3 shows the accuracy on the validation set of esim with ( r . w ) re - weighted base and on the test set of bert . the empirically correct fever dev base is 58 . 6 % better than the generated pairs of nsmn and esim . the fact that bert has re - weightsed base is slightly less striking than the expected 50 % increase in the accuracy of the base is also less striking .
5 shows the performance of the " bigram " task on the training data . all the data used for this analysis are presented in table 6 . the differences in performance are most prevalent in the united states , where at least one of the participants ( at least one ) is predicted to have a significant impact on the development of the model . in addition , the difference in performance between the two sets is less pronounced for the smaller states .
3 : epm and span f1 scores on squad development set vs . finetuned newsqa baseline . with the help of a 2 - stage synnet model , we can see that the improved mnewsqa f1 score is superior to the previous state - of - the - art model .
1 vs . human : achieved turns vs . turns on the single test set of seq2seq ( goal + look ) are presented in table 2 . the trained models outperform the human on all metrics , with the exception of the one where the human is more likely to make a mistake .
3 shows the percentage of words with higher en and f1 scores for each sub - category . pos tags for each category have a significant impact on the performance of the models . for example , for " noun " we see a drop of 2 . 5 % in en and 0 . 7 % in f1 score . for " other " , we see an increase of 3 . 5 % .
3 presents a and b scores on the test set of hotpotqa and semisupervised he et al . ( 2018a ) . the results are summarized in table 3 . a shows that the lstm + att model performs well in the macro - and micro - f1 settings . while it performs slightly worse in the semeval - 15 set , it is still superior in the macro - f1 setting . this validates our hypothesis that the semantic features of the tlstm are related to the human judgement .
4 : ablation studies . we vary the number of mini - batches from squad for every batch in newsqa , and vary the amount of paragraph we use for question synthesis as well . 2 − sent refers to using two sentences before answer span , while all refer to using the entire paragraph . since the two - sent attention span is relatively small , using only one paragraph after answer span is important for model performance . it is clear from table 4 that the variation between epm and span f1 refers to a significant drop in performance from the performance of the original paragraph . when using only two paragraphs , the performance drops .
3 shows the performance of all models on the test set of khresmoi and health . all - biomed models outperform health on all tests except es2en . health is more stable , while the performance is better on the health test set . all the models perform better on both datasets .
3 shows the results for all models . health → all - biomed , and bio → health both show improvements . the best performance is obtained on the test set of khresmoi et al . ( 2018 ) . the uniform ensemble improves es2en performance and improves the precision for all tests . uniform ensemble dissembling reduces the performance of unbalanced models .
4 : validation and test bleu for models used in english - german language pair submissions . our model outperforms all the base models except news , confirming the importance of word embeddings . we observe that the uniform ensemble improves the results for all but khresmoi . the improvement is modest but significant , with the exception of the exceptional case of " news → all - biomed " . the results are presented in table 4 . the concatenation of the results of the best - performing ensemble with the worst performing ensemble shows that the improvements are due to the high quality of the language pair submission .
5 compares uniform ensembling and bi with varying smoothing factor on the wmt19 test data . we find small but statistically significant differences in α scores due to tokenization differences . bi ( 0 . 5 ) and γ = 0 . 1 shows small differences in the uniform score , but overall improvements are statistically significant ( e . g . , 28 . 5 % vs . 25 . 2 % ) . bi also exhibits significant performance drop in the de2de test set , as shown in fig . 5 .
1 presents the bleu scores of train and escape datasets . the dev dataset outperforms the other two datasets by a significant margin . this validates our hypothesis that human judgement leads to better interpretable data .
results on the test set are shown in table 3 . the uniform ensemble outperforms both the uniform and ensembled models in terms of bleu score .
2 presents bleu scores on the development set of hotpotqa . our model outperforms all the base models with a gap of 3 . 5 bleus points from the last published results ( table 2 ) .
results are presented in table 4 . our system achieves the best performance with 96 % accuracy on average .
3 shows the f1 scores of the models trained on the proposed method for the task at hand . we show the results reported in table 3 . for the automatic method , we use the method described in hosg ( 2017 ) . we observe that the accuracy obtained by using nmpu as the object for the object is significantly higher than that obtained using watset embeddings . the difference between accuracy obtained using the method and the baseline is less pronounced for the verb , but still significant for the symmetric vqa task . we also include the fact that the object used in the setup is sensitive to the location of the object , hence leading to different features being important for the model to perform well .
4 presents the evaluation results on the dataset of polysemous verb classes by korhonen et al . ( 2003 ) . the best performances are obtained by " noac " , which takes the best performance and achieves a 25 . 21 f1 score . on the other hand , the best performances by " triframes " are achieved by " k - means " . the only exception is the triadic part of the model , where the performance drop between 0 . 00 and 2 . 45 points .
performance of our method compared to the baseline is presented in table 1 . the best performance is achieved by rr_fr_1step , which verifies the effectiveness of our algorithm .
4 shows the performance of our method in french - english . the best performance is achieved by rr_fr_1step , which verifies the effectiveness of our algorithm .
data set is presented in table 4 . the entity types and their location are presented in the abstractions provided by the conll2003 data set . table 4 shows the entity type and the number of label types used to define the entity types . additionally , the entity numbers and the percentage of label type used to calculate the entity size and the frequency of the label type are shown in tables 4 and 5 . in table 4 , we represent the three aspects of the scientific research data set that we consider to be important for understanding the human judgement . these entities are derived from information provided by askapatient , which is a forum where consumers can discuss their experiences with medications .
4 shows the correlation coefficients between similarity measures and the effectiveness of pretrained models . tvc shows a significant drop in correlation with the performance of the similarity measures compared to the original embeddings . the difference is less pronounced for ppl , however it is larger for tvcc .
5 compares the performance of our best performance against the publicly available models on much larger corpora . our best performance is on the word vectors glove and elmo . the two widely used lms outperform each other on the large corpora like word2vec and word3vec . the lms using the conll2003 embeddings outperform the unlabeled ones using the pre - trained ones .
6 shows the impact of hyper - parameter setting on the effectiveness of pretrained word vectors . scienceie and wetlab use opt as the default settings , whereas google + word2vec uses a different set of parameters . the results are slightly better than those in the original embeddings . however , the difference is less pronounced for wetlab , which relies on word2vec features . the effectiveness of using a single parameter , such as the number of parameters , is less than that of a single setting .
the percentage of instances where the same speaker and the same addressee are the same ( see table 3 ) . further , for the anaphora - based deixis propagation , 62 % of the instances are caused by this type of discrepancy .
1 presents the results on subsets of thyme dev ( in f - measure ) . rc models outperform traditional rc models in event × event and timex3 × event relation pairs . the difference is most prevalent in the 500 - 500 example pairs , where rc has the highest performance .
no specialized resources : the best performing model is rc ( random initialization ) which improves p < 0 . 2 and f < 1 . 2 , respectively , compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model , lin et al . ( 2016 ) . the additional training data also improve the model ' s performance in the clinical setting , as shown in table 4 .
3 shows the results on 50 fp and 50 fn ( random from test ) for different settings . error areas are classified into three categories : rc ( sg fixed , cross - clause relations ) and sg init . ) these categories are not mutually exclusive . however , they overlap in ground - truth . cross - clause relations ( ccr ) are difficult to detect . frequent arguments are rare , but they are sometimes very useful .
2 shows the results for all the three datasets in our experiment . the best performing model is ling + n2v , which significantly improves the sentiment quality of hate speech . however , the biggest performance drop is in frequency , which shows a significant improvement over ling + random . hate speech is particularly difficult to detect , with a frequency of 0 . 864 and 0 . 610 , respectively .
most representative models are en – bg and en – psi , both for english and spanish , and for french , en – fn . most representative of these models is the number of sents in the decoder , with en – bn having a total of 306 , 380 words .
4 shows the types of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation caused by ellipsis . the largest percentage of instances are caused by the wrong morphological form , constituting 69 % of the discrepancy .
results are shown in table 1 . the best performing model is the bilstm , which gives a f - score of 0 . 9 . when applying bonferroni correction to the bow + logreg model , f - m shows that the model has the highest chance to achieve the predicted positive class probabilities .
1 shows the cosine similarity and accuracy of the unseen and unseen pairs compared to the unseen pairs . with the exception of rgb , all the models shown in table 2 have the same cosine similarity and accuracy . unseen pairs have the highest accuracy , but wm18 has the smallest . the unseen pairings perform slightly worse than the unseen ones .
6 shows bleu scores for cadec trained with p = 0 . 5 and s - hier - to - 2 . tied scores for baseline ( 6m ) are not statistically different from baseline ( 31 . 40 ) . similarly , for concat , there is no statistically significant difference ( i . e . p = 0 . 5 ) between baseline and the baseline .
2 shows the f & c dataset size . all labels represent the original dataset with all the labels . they also represent the subset labels which are inferable by the resource . the number of examples in table 2 shows that the number of instances in the dataset is considerably less than the original one . the error reduction is minimal but significant , reaching a total of 12 , 012 ( out of 39 , 012 ) .
4 shows the results on the noun comparison datasets . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all metrics , with the exception of f & c clean dev .
5 presents the results on the relative dataset . the best performance is achieved by using a transfer method on the training set . yang et al . ( 2018 ) also achieves a significant improvement in doq score , surpassing previous work by a large margin .
evaluation results shown in table 7 show that our proposed median number of objects falls into range of the dimension of our proposed object . this validates our hypothesis that distance from the object to the object is a significant factor in the performance of the model .
correlation scores with the pca component ( rc19 ) and word concreteness scores are shown in table 2 . the results of rc19 are presented in tables 2 and 3 . these results show that the frequency of complaints about pronouns is relatively high , with an f1 of 0 . 38 and a roc of 3 . 38 . in addition , the average number of complaints per sentence is slightly higher than those of casual particles , a result not found to be significant even at the 90 % level . additionally , the number of instances per sentence drops significantly as the frequency increases , which underscores the diminishing returns from mixing words .
2 shows the results of classification using bert pre - trained models . the best performing model is the " headline " model , with precision of 0 . 81 and r = 0 . 78 . note that the text body also contributes significantly to the model ' s performance .
3 shows the performance of concat and deixis in relation to the latest relevant context . in particular , we see that concat improves the performance in the two cases when the context is added to the lexical context .
3 summarizes the results of classification using the multinomial naive bayes method . the best performing bert model ( tables 3 and 4 ) achieves the best precision , recall , and f1 scores of 0 . 72 and 0 . 78 on the test set .
experimental results on aida - b ( test set ) are shown in table 1 . the ment - norm method outperforms all the base methods except for the one that strictly relies on n - pad .
results are presented in table 3 . the best performances are obtained by our method ( emnlp ) on the tests set by cheng - roth et al . ( 2013 ) . the results are slightly worse than those obtained by guorobust on the test set , but still superior than the best performance by the methods .
2 compares the performance of the proposed lstm - based variants with the traditional cross - validation schemes proposed by rach et al . ( 2017 ) . the results are summarized in table 2 . the proposed bilstm improves the uar score by 3 . 8 points in the standard study , while its ea score drops by 2 . 6 points . we observe that the use of the lstms improves the performance for the gold - two - mention study , as shown in the table 2 .
accuracy on ellipsis test set is shown in table 8 . it is clear from table 8 that concatenation of word embeddings leads to better interpretability . the difference between accuracy between baseline and decoder is less pronounced for concat , but it is larger for s - hier to2 . tied .
3 shows the performance of the proposed lstm - based variants with the dialogue - wise cross - validation setup . the models by rach et al . ( 2017 ) achieve the best uar score of 0 . 45 , 0 . 86 and 0 . 87 , respectively , compared to the previous state of the art bilstm . we observe that the two variants have completely opposing predictions ( i . e . , κ and ρ ) on only 325 examples .
1 : evaluation of our models for ner performance with our dataset averaged over 10 replications of the training with the same hyper parameters . our model shows significant performance improvement over the simple joint1 model , achieving an f1 - measure of 83 . 47 .
2 : evaluation of our models for md performance . we report accuracies over 10 replications of the training set . our model outperforms the previous work by a margin of 10 . 05 % .
experimental results for fasttext and glove are shown in table 1 . the baseline model with bioelmo as base embeddings shows an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % in accuracy and 1 . 36 % in the case of glove . on further adding knowledge graph information , the accuracy rose to 78 . 04 % . this shows that the value of sentiment information in the conversational settings is high , and the performance rose to 79 . 04 % on the state - of - the - art baseline models .
results for ellipsis are shown in table 9 . for deixis , p = 0 . 5 and lex . c . shows inflection / vp scores of 0 . 6 and 2 . 7 respectively compared to the previous probabilities of using corrupted reference at training time . for lexipsis , we see a drop of 2 . 5 points in bleu score compared to 1 . 7 points in the previous experiment . for ellipsis , p = 0 . 25 and cross - pollination scores of 62 / 75 indicates that the use of corrupted reference may have a positive effect .
5 shows the accuracy of the traditional classifier given documents from seen classes only . it is clear from table 5 that the ability to distinguish between seen and unseen classifiers severely affects the performance of the model in phase 2 .
fine and fine f1 scores are presented in table 4 . however , the difference between the accuracy of the original models and the average fine f1 is larger than those of different models using different methods . ours + elmo w / o augmentation improves the general p score , while fine r is slightly better than fine r . further , our model improves the fine r scores by 3 . 5 points .
2 presents the results of macro - averaged p / r / f1 on the test set for the entity typing task of choi et al . ( 2018 ) . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in f1 score . further , our enhanced model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in both event and entity typing tasks .
2 presents the results of parameter selection on the el & head and head datasets . the results are presented in table 2 . the best performance is obtained by " heuristic baseline " which closely matches the performance of " super - heuristic " baselines . in fact , it even outperforms [ empty ] and [ nsemty ] in both el & head and head f1 scores . further , the performance gap between the two baselines is narrower than in the previous experiment , indicating that the syntactic patterns underlying the baselines are important for prediction .
results are presented in table 4 . the results of our model outperform all the models except for those using elmo and filter & relabel . the results reconfirm that bert - base , uncased , achieves its best performance . further , the results show that the elmo w / o augmentation improves the model ' s interpretability , as measured by the accurlink et al . ( 2018 ) .
5 shows the average number of examples added or deleted by the filtering function per example . it is clear from table 5 that fine - tuning has a significant impact on the performance of the model , however it is less pronounced in the fine - dance case .
performance of our model on the test set is presented in table 4 . we use the average number of tokens , number of messages and type of multiword test set in ubuntu v2 . message ( avg . ) # tokens and groups = 0 . 05 , 0 . 08 and 0 . 07 , respectively compared to the previous state - of - the - art ubuntu - v1 . messages are divided into 15 categories , which are mostly related to word clusters . the size of the groups is small but significant , with a few exceptions .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the best performing ubuntu - v1 model is tf - idf , which results in a 1 in 2r @ 1 improvement over the previous state - of - the - art ubuntu model . finally , we observe that rde - ltc performs slightly better than the lstm model on two of the four datasets .
5 shows the performance of the four models trained on the lstm dataset in real - time . the rnn model outperforms all the models except ubuntu - v2 in 2r @ 1 and 3r @ 2 . rnn - cnn shows a performance drop of 0 . 9 % in the two scenarios compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . cnn shows a drop of 1 . 1 % in performance compared to rnn ( 4 . 2 % vs . 5 . 3 % ) . the difference between the true response and negative responses is less pronounced for ubuntu , but still significant for cnn , which relies on word embedding .
5 : model performance results for the samsung qa dataset . the best performing models are the rde and hrde - ltc models , which are comparable in performance to tf - idf .
2 compares the performance of our model with the baselines . our model obtains the best bleu - 1 score and the best meteor score . it also achieves the best rouge - l score , which is slightly higher than the previous state of the art .
performance of all models is reported in table 4 . the best performances are obtained by iwaqg , which obtains 69 . 8 % accuracy on bleu - 1 and 43 . 86 % on meteor . the difference between accuracy and rouge - l is less pronounced than for qg , but it is larger than for other models . accuracy reductions are modest but consistent , with about 5 % of the overall improvement being attributed to high accuracy .
4 shows the recall of the interrogative words of the qg module without our interrogative - word classifier . it is clear from table 4 that using the iwaqg model helps the model to better understand some of the questions in question .
6 : ablation study of our interrogative - word classifier . accuracy accuracy of our cls model improves by 3 . 8 % over the baseline on a single test set .
shown in table 7 , recall and precision of interrogative words of our classifier are both high ( 71 . 9 % ) and low ( 59 . 5 % ) on the question of " where " are found to be the most difficult to predict . when answering questions with a correct answer , 69 . 9 % recall is possible , but when answering questions that are already known to the classifier is only 58 . 5 % . this suggests that precision is relatively high for some questions .
shown in table 1 , the distribution of γ across the development set is very similar to that of k ( normalized by the number of nodes in las ) . however , when we add γ as a dependency weight , we get a significant drop in performance .
2 shows the performance of our method compared to the previous state - of - the - art methods . it can be observed that the transfer learning baseline , edgewiseps , improves upon the already reported kbesteisnerps score by 3 . 4 points .
3 presents the results on pgr testest . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 5 points in f1 score .
4 presents the results of our model on the testest semeval - 2010 task 8 . our model improves upon the kbesteisnerps score by 4 . 8 points .
results are shown in table 4 . the training instances trained with the " + att " and " + katt " tags are presented in bold . cnn significantly outperforms the other training instances in terms of training accuracy , with an absolute improvement of 9 . 1 % in training accuracy over the baseline .
2 shows the ablation study results with pcnn . our model improves upon the simple katt baseline by 3 . 8 points in f1 score .
1 shows the spearman correlations with wordnet similarities ( left ) and human judgments ( right ) . the strongest correlations are with lch and wup , both of which have high correlation with human judgments . similarly , the strongest correlation are with fse ( 95 . 9 % vs . 90 . 0 % ) , but the strongest are with wup ( 87 . 9 % ) and 90 . 9 % .
results are shown in table 3 . the best performing models are lch and wup ( wordnet ) . the worst performing model is senseval2 , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing word2vec and vector - based measures . the better performing wup model is able to distinguish between the two widely used measures .
3 presents the results of our method on a 20 - million token dataset , polyglot on a 1 . 7b - token dataset , and varembed on a 2 . 51m token dataset . the results are similar to spearman ' s ρ × 100 score on the rareword set , measured as spearman ’ s ρ x100 score . however , the difference between the performance between the two is much smaller . our method improves the interpretability of the word invocab , and the overall performance of the two tokens in the language .
3 shows the results for the system and the comparison set . the results are presented in table 3 . when combined with the baselines , the results are significantly better than those by seq2seq ( 15 . 19 % vs . 15 . 2 % ) . the performance improvement over the baseline is consistent across all metrics , with the exception of the bleu score of 15 . 32 % and 15 . 44 % on the comparisons metric , respectively . this compares to the previous state - of - the - art on the baseline .
results for both datasets are presented in table 9 . the results for kk , lv and kk show that the model performs better when trained with the same number of parameters . as the table shows , when using the word " kk " as the label , the model ' s performance is better than both the original and the original ones . in addition , the difference between the true - char and false - char numbers is less pronounced for the original data than for the mimick numbers . table 9 shows the results for the second data set , which is presented in the supplementary material . when using kk - based data , both models perform better than the previous state of the art model .
results in table 5 show that for both datasets , the number of matches in the no - char and char - char dataset is considerably higher than the kk dataset , indicating that the performance gain comes from a better model design . the results also indicate that the model design is well - equipped to handle multiple data types at once .
3 shows the percentage of missing embeddings for each language compared to the previous state of the art . for all but one of the languages , there are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) differences in the average value of the vocabulary , with the exception of english . all but one language had a significant drop in oov ( ud ) score compared with the baseline .
istic and linguistic metrics are presented in table 4 . the results displayed in the table show that the human model has the best overall performance . however , the difference between accuracy between human model perplexity and that of the linguistic model is larger . linguistic and semantic metrics are also statistically significant , as is the case with the exception of " groccery shopping " which shows the diminishing returns from mixing the two aspects of the shopping experience . finally , the combination of human model performance and the linguistic metrics that allow the accuracy to be increased is larger than the other aspects .
3 shows the performance of our models compared to the previous state - of - the - art decoding methods . our decoder achieves the best performance with an accuracy of 78 . 18 % . we also outperform the competition with respect to the decoder and the decoder p @ 1 . these results signify that the decoding quality of our decoder is superior to the competition . we further test our decoder with the help of the sq2seq dataset . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 .
3 shows the performance of the baselines trained on the word " human " and " error " . the results are summarized in table 4 . for the word ' error ' the system performs slightly worse than the human in all but one case .
models perform slightly better than the word2vec model on the test set of keller amod and the sp - 10k nsubj , but do not exceed the average of 0 . 71 . in fact , the difference between the score of friendly and glove ( static ) is less than that of the other two models , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing the features .
embedding models outperform d - embedding and glove embeddings . for example , nsubj shows the best performance with a score of 0 . 45 on average compared to 0 . 53 on the glove test set . on the other hand , dobj shows the worst performance , with an overall score of 1 . 45 .
4 compares mwe against language models on the ws task . the performance gap between mwe and language models is reported in table 4 . the difference in dimension between the two is statistically significant , i . e . , the training time is 0 . 486 , and the embedding time is ≈ 40 .
5 compares the performance of different training strategies . the best performing approach is the " alternating optimization " approach described in table 5 . it achieves the highest performance with a ws of 0 . 775 .
3 shows the performance of single transformers trained to convergence on a 1m wat ja - en , batch size 4096 . 2 . as expected , the training set has a significantly higher learning rate than the previous state of the art model . in fact , it has the highest learning rate of any bleu model , 27 . 2 % overall .
4 shows the performance of 8 models on ja - en . the results show that seq2seq significantly outperforms transformer and plain bpe in all aspects . as expected , the results show , the performance drop from the best wat17 result ( 28 . 4 % vs . 28 . 4 % ) on a single evaluation set . morishita et al . ( 2017 ) and parallelism ( 29 . 5 % ) achieve the best results on a multi - model ensemble .
5 shows that the ja - en transformer ensembling significantly improves upon the plain bpe baseline shown in table 4 . the difference in performance between using bootstrap resampling and standard bleu ( 29 . 2 % ) is significant , it also shows a significant improvement in the performance of the original bpe from the original derivation to the pos / bpe baseline .
3 shows the results for english and german for both languages . for english , we report the results of " basic " and " out - of - the - box " ensembling . for german , we use " alternating " en - de and " disambiguation " . the difference between the two is most prevalent in the small - scale settings , where basic and unk embeddings ( i . e . unk , coder , and n - en ) dominate the english - language settings .
3 shows the performance of the coreference models compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . rl significantly outperforms spmrl and udpipe in terms of perf ( p < 0 . 001 ) and f ( p > 0 . 01 ) . table 3 quantitatively compares performance of rl and its variants on theempty and yap datasets . the results are slightly better than those on the other two datasets .
3 presents the results of models trained on - lexicon and - vocabulary . the results are presented in table 3 . the models using " - lexicon " and " - vocabulary " outperform the others in terms of perf ( p < 0 . 001 ) . the results reconfirm that the semantic features of " - letters " and " word embeddings " contribute to the improvement of the final score .
3 : maximum perturbation space size in the standard sst and ag news test set , which is the maximum number of forward passes per sentence to evaluate in the exhaustive verification set . note that word / character substitutions have a generally positive effect on the test set ' s performance , however it is less significant .
3 presents the results of the best performing method augmentation on the oracle dataset . the results are presented in table 3 . all the data augmentation methods ( except for the one that the adv . acc . achieves ) outperform the best previous state - of - the - art on all metrics . the sst - char - level and the oracle - verifiable ( ibp ) datasets achieve outstanding results , with the exception of the exceptional case of logical ontonotes , where the accuracy drop between 0 . 5 and 1 . 6 points . further improving the accuracy by applying the best augmentation technique ( sst - word - level ) achieves the best results .
non - anonymized models outperform all the alternatives except bow - svm and bigru - att , which have higher f1 scores .
1 compares the performance of some of the widely used labeling strategies using many - to - one mapping for target languages with available test data , using 500 clusters or number of states . accuracy is shown in percentage points .
5 presents the results of cl study . our model outperforms all the methods except for the one that adapts to the domain .
3 compares the precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) , and f1 scores of our combined cipher grounder ( cipher - avg ) and a supervised tagger ( accelerated by p < 0 . 05 ) . in particular , we see that the enhanced cipher ( parallel to the original ) has higher recall than the plain plainclothes tagger . this suggests that a better interpretation of the noun tag might be required .
3 presents the results of our final model on the gold and silver uas datasets . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on all metrics , except for the gold one .
1 presents the results of our model on the gold and silver uas datasets . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on all metrics .
3 shows the performance of all the labels for each label when compared with the previous state of the art . all the labels except for the one labeled " f1 " are statistically significant , meaning that the models performing best overall have higher f1 scores than the models using all the other labels .
5 shows the quality of the data for each language . we choose to focus on english , spanish , french , dutch , russian , turkish , russian and turkish . we define each language as having a significant difference in performance between the two languages . the number of tokens in each language is presented in table 6 . the distribution of tokens across the four datasets is reported in tables 6 and 7 .
3 shows the performance of the four coreference models on the three datasets . identity and performance are presented in table 3 . identity is presented in bold on the dataset dea , while performance on the other datasets is in the low - supervision range . we observe that both the uniformity of the data and the number of errors in the data are statistically significant , with the exception of the case of the debiased is dataset , which is arguably more related to the human judgement . the performance gap between uniformity on the baseline is minimal , with a marginal drop of 0 . 05 % over the previous state of the art , though it is statistically significant . datataset eds outperforms the others on every metric by a significant margin . the performance improvement on the is dataset is modest but consistent , with an absolute improvement of 2 . 36 % over baseline .
4 shows that for case importance , spearman ’ s ρ is 1 ( the most important ) and 4 ( least important ) . as expected , both bow - svr and bigru - att have low absolute errors ( p < . 01 ) .
results are shown in table 4 . the best results are obtained by using the k & g edge decoder and the fixed - tree decoder , respectively . however , the results are slightly worse than those obtained by previous work ( see table 4 ) . the jamr - style model outperforms both the baseline models in both cases , with the exception of the bold case , when the local edge is used as the decoder . table 4 shows that the combination of the two decoders improves the performance of the model when trained with the same set of features .
3 presents the results of the best performing models . our model outperforms the best - performing models on three of the four datasets . the results are summarized in table 3 . named entities ( wsd ) have poor performance on most datasets , with the exception of the united states . the difference between the 2015 wsd and the 2017 pd is most striking when using unlabeled tags .
shown in table 2 , the best performance for each system is achieved on the test set of noconceptrule . our system obtains a 25 . 42 % improvement over the previous state of the art .
3 shows the results for the languages used for decoding . our proposed method improves the performance for both languages .
2 shows the distribution of train , dev , and test set size . train is the smaller than test set , while dev is the larger . in both cases , our train is more likely to be happy , while the test set is smaller . the difference between the size of train and the train set is less pronounced for the two .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that for all metrics , hrlce performs slightly better than sld , and even slightly worse than f1 . however , it is still significantly worse than the sld - based " happy " baseline . this is mostly due to the higher correlation between the f1 scores of the two metrics , which are statistically significant ( i . e . that the average f1 score is closer to those of " hrlce " and " sld " .
intrinsic evaluation results show that our approach significantly improves the alignment f1 score over jamr ( 95 . 2 % vs . 94 . 7 % ) by 3 points .
4 shows the performance of our model on the word , pos , ner and dep parsing tasks . we use the newswire aligner and our aligner for all the parsing tasks , while using the word - n - word embeddings . the word - ner parser and our aligner perform better than the other methods . the combination of jamr and our aligneder improves the performance .
3 presents the results of our single parser . word , pos and our aligner combine to improve the results for all models except for those using bold embeddings . word only improves the performance for bold , but does not improve the accuracy for word only . our ensemble : word only + our aligneder improves the results .
results are presented in table 4 . the most striking thing about our system is that it performs better on all tests than it does on all the others . our model outperforms all the models except for dynsp , which is more accurate .
experimental results on the single - domain test set are shown in table 4 . the results are presented in tables 4 and 5 . all the data used for this analysis are statistically significant even at the 90 % level . the difference is most prevalent in the location eq . 5 and 6 , where the number of instances in the dataset is relatively small .
3 shows the eaa and f - score scores of the models trained on the biocreative ii dataset . our model significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on both metrics . the eaa annotation mode and the ufa feature - values both reduce the correlation with the entity and the number of instances .
total is 1 , 590 , 885 , while the number of words for each category is slightly less than the total . " bible " and " bible " are the most common words for both languages . " news " is the most frequently used word , while " people " are more common .
2 presents the results of the confusion matrix for test data classification . our model verifies the accuracy of the predictions with a gap of 7 . 5 % in the sg score .
3 shows the agreement patterns across genres and languages . for each language , there is a significant difference in the percentage of words spoken that are notional . for the " bible " category , we see " very small " differences in the notionalization of words . however , for the " newswire " domain , there are large differences in terms of agreement . the bible , for example , is the most frequently spoken word , while newswire is the more frequently spoken .
3 shows the number of propositions per type in ampere . for each type of proposition , there is a percentage of true propositions that are true ( p < 0 . 01 ) and false ( p ( cid : 28 ) 1 . 982 ) . for the non - a category , there are 3 , 982 propositions .
4 presents the results of proposition segmentation . our model outperforms all the baseline models except for the one that is significantly better than all comparisons is marked with ∗ ( p < 10 − 6 , mcnemar test ) . precision segmentation results are marked with a significant improvement in prec . f1 and rst - parser scores . bilstm - crf even outperforms fullsent and pdtb - conn in the precision segmentation task .
3 presents the results of the second study . our proposed l - bilstm improves upon the best state - of - the - art model by 3 . 0 points on average . for example , it improves the meantime mae by 0 . 42 points and 2 . 255 points on the nan metric . similarly , the improved uds - ih2 mae and ran metric outperform lee et al . ( 2015 ) by 2 . 8 points and 3 . 3 points .
3 presents the results of the table with gold - standard and multi - word segments . the results are presented in table 3 . overall , the results are slightly better than those obtained by proplexicon , but slightly worse than those by cnn . the table also highlights the diminishing returns from using predicted segments as a metric for req . additionally , the difference between the performance of the two metrics is less pronounced for the gold - two - word segment ,
attention type and the number of decoders in the model are presented in table 1 . the encoder layers have the largest beam size and are 5 . 5 % larger than the decoder type . however , the smaller beam size contributes less to the model ' s performance .
2 presents the results on the wmt17 it domain english - german test set . the results show that ter significantly outperforms the bleu model on both test sets . on the training set , bojar et al . ( 2017 ) and paralleu achieve a combined performance of 22 . 60 and 25 . 86 % , respectively , compared to the previous best performance by varis and bojar ( 2017 ) .
3 shows the performance of the best setting for each property . we show that matrix embedding gives the best performance . the best performance is seen in table 3 .
3 presents the mean of our relation labels . our proposed method improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in relation to the baseline .
1 shows the effect of external knowledge on the performance of the lexicons used as annotations . it is clear from table 1 that sentiment and sentiment are strongly related to each other . however , their effect is less significant than that of sentiment , which is mostly self - similar .
shown in table 5 , the concatenated models outperform the baseline on all metrics except for the scv1 score . they observe that emb . conc . performs better on both datasets than the baseline model , but is inferior on both scv2 and sent17 . in both cases , the accuracies are lower than those on the sent17 score . these results indicate that conc . models are better at selecting the correct domain and selecting the best performing ones .
can be seen in table 4 , the difference between the true answer and the false answer is much smaller . it can be observed that our proposed method significantly improves the interpretability by increasing the mean label and thereby increasing the precision . however , this still hurts the model ' s ability to achieve the highest score .
2 shows the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between the global metrics and the crowdsourced metric of coherence ( p < 0 . 01 ) . on the other hand , the two metrics have completely opposing predictions ( p ( cid : 28 ) on three of the four datasets . for example , the united states department of labor has the highest coherence score , while the new york times has the worst .
3 presents the coefficient of determination ( r2 ) between local topic quality and global topic quality . our model significantly outperforms the local baseline on both metric metrics . in particular , it achieves the best coherence score with a score of 0 . 6310 on the amazon newsgroups metric and 0 . 3799 on the switchp metric . this confirms the viability of using source - word matching annotations .
performance of our method according to the auc is presented in table 4 . the best performance obtained by our method is on the frequency and average ranking ( letor ) . the difference is most prevalent in kce ( p @ 01 , p @ 05 , auc 0 . 5226 ) and p @ 10 , p @ 11 ( p @ 10 ) .
3 shows the auc of feature groups with the highest correlation with human judgement . for all feature groups , we see 0 . 7 % higher auc than the 0 . 9 % higher f1 . however , the difference between loc and event is much larger , at 0 . 8 % and 0 . 44 % respectively , compared to the previous high auc .
shown in table 7 , annotation is incorrect and is a future event ( sometimes referred to as a future state ) . it is difficult to distinguish whether an entity is an entity or a state ( e . g . a question , a statement , a question ) or a statement ( a question ) . in addition , the word " future " has the highest absolute prediction error ( around 43 % ) .
5 shows the similarity between event entity pairs in pre - trained embeddings . word2vec shows the biggest increase in kce score after training , while word2vec shows the smallest kce increase .
results in table 3 show that bert significantly outperforms the baseline model in all but one case when we consider the unique index ( wt103 ) . as table 3 shows , when only using n - grams of self - bleu , the model achieves a significant improvement in self - score . bert also achieves a slight improvement in tbc , when using only the weighted average number of instances . table 3 also highlights the contribution of small - scale bert ( largely because the size and type of bert do not overlap with the large - scale model ) . when only using weighted average numbers of instances , self is only slightly unique while tbc is only 10 . 06 % unique .
3 shows the quality metrics of model generations . for the wt103 and tbc datasets , we sample 1000 sentences from the respective datasets , and compare bert ( largely ) with the original ones . the results are slightly better than those on the original datasets . however , the ppl numbers remain the same across all three datasets , with the exception of wt152 .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on the " aida - b " and " wiki " datasets . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . the results show that wikipedia significantly outperforms the methods on both datasets , with the exception of the one on msnbc , which results in lower correlation with the human judgement . additionally , the results are slightly superior on wiki , which shows that wikipedia contributes significantly to improving the interpretability of the topics .
2 shows the f1 scores of our model when it is weakly supervised and on aida conll . when it is fully - supervised , it scores 87 . 18 and 87 . 55 , respectively , compared to 87 . 23 and 85 . 55 on msnbc . these results show that our model is well - equipped to handle multiple scenarios .
3 presents the results of an ablation study on aida - a model ( with a f1 score of 88 . 05 ) on the conll development set . our model shows a significant improvement over the model without attention , which shows that the ability to disambiguate from a local context is beneficial .
performance of our model by ner type on aida - a is shown in table 4 . the best performance is obtained by org ( 87 . 27 % accuracy ) on a single test set , while per has a comparable performance to org .
results are presented in table 4 . all mwe based models are significantly better than those using att - based or mwe - based models . the discontinuous results are slightly worse than those of epm - based , but still superior to those of l2 . as the results of the combined models are shown in table 6 , the performance gap between the two is much smaller . epm based models significantly outperform the mwe baseline on both metric ,
shown in table 9 , using the xcomp - governed l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s and + lexfeats gives predictions on events in uds - ih2 - dev that are xcomp governed by an infinitival - taking verb . however , when using this verb , the accuracy drops significantly , leading to a drop of more than 2 % in accuracy .
2 : comparing the performance of the systems on test data in terms of the discontinuous and the degree of concatenation . our system achieves the best performance out - of - the - box on all tests , with a gap of 2 . 36 points in the performance between baseline and the all - time high of 73 . 45 points .
3 shows the performance of the baselines for each category . the cola and mrpc baselines are presented in table 3 . the performance of these baselines is presented in the mean of the reported results . overall , the performance is consistent across all categories , with the exception of the cola baseline .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the instructional task training and the wnli elmo with intermediate task training . overall , the performance is comparable with the previous state - of - the - art models on both tasks . table 3 presents the results of the combined models . the cola elmo and the msststst perform well with the task training , but the performance gap between the two is much larger on the single task training set . in particular , the mrpc elmo performs better than the other models with the same performance gap . when using task training , the effectiveness of the model drops significantly , but it is still comparable with that of the rte elmo .
performance of our cola models on the word " empty " and " qqp " datasets is presented in table 4 . the performance of all models is reported in cola metric , with the exception of the sst metric , which results in significantly better performance . the cola metrics are presented in tables 4 and 5 .
1 shows the percentage of ne - tags in wikipedia that are assigned to a given number . relation cardinality ( 18 . 86 % ) is 18 . 86 % and it is 2 . 92 % more likely to be assigned to the same number of words .
5 shows the performance of the models trained on the extracted word embeddings . the only - nummod model outperforms the other models in terms of p < 0 . 005 and f1 < . 001 , respectively . the difference between the baseline p ( which contains the name of the entity ) and the actual number of words for the entity is minimal , but significant . finally , for the " manual ground truth " dataset , the difference between using the word " child " and " paired " is small but significant ( p < . 01 ) . when using only the word ' paired ' and " child ' pronouns , the effect is minimal ( p ≤ . 005 ) . in this table , we also include the fact that the entity responsible for the creation of the content is the parent , not the child . this table summarizes the results of the experiments in question .
3 presents the results of our model on ara and fre datasets . our model outperforms all the models except word models except for the one that it obtains on the fre dataset . it is notable that the difference between accuracy between int and word is less pronounced on fre , but it is significant on the pol dataset , where int consistently outperforms word and lstm on average . these results signify that int models are more accurate than word or word because the accuracy gap between the two models is narrower .
models outperform cnn , lstm and cnn in all but one case . the difference is most prevalent in ara , where δiv and δoov are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) . however , on the other hand , the difference is much larger on " kor " case , when δiv is used as the sentence representation . these models are slightly better than cnn , but still comparable to cnn in some cases . this is mostly due to the small size of the training set ( low - supervision settings ) .
3 shows the performance on the belarusian and ukrainian datasets for the training and test dataset , as well as the russian - ukrainian dataset for the test dataset . as expected , the performance drops significantly for both languages for the two datasets , while the difference between the two for the ukrainian dataset is larger .
1 : bleu and exact - match scores over held - out test set and the stacked test set . our dag model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 4 . 9 % in bleus ( all overlap ) and match % ( all match % ) . the difference between accuracy on the gold - and silver - aligned test set is minimal but significant ( table 1 ) . the dag transducer achieves the best performance with 86 % coverage .
3 shows the performance of the lstm layer . the size of the emb size and the number of parameters in the layer are the most important factors in the evaluation performance . the learning rate of the layer is 0 . 015 , the lattice emb size is only 0 . 5 while the value of the bigram emb is only 1 . 8 . we observe that the size and type of parameter dropout have a significant impact on the evaluation results . when the parameter size is increased , the evaluation rate drops significantly , this indicates that the layer has a high learning rate .
5 shows the f1 scores of models trained on different input vectors . we show the results for " auto seg " and " no seg " . the results are presented in table 6 . using onlychar andbichar information improves the model performance , but does not improve f1 . we notice a drop in performance between the auto and no seg models . the difference between the performance of the two models is most prevalent in the low - supervision settings . when using onlychar - based lstm , the model performs slightly worse than the model trained on - char baseline . this suggests that more reliance on word - based features may be required to improve performance .
5 shows the performance of gold seg with respect to input validation . our model outperforms all the base lines with a gap of 3 . 5 % in f1 score .
3 presents the performance of our models with respect to bichar and lattice . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of p < 0 . 05 and f1 . 05 , respectively , with the exception of the one that has the best performance on char baseline .
results on resume ner are shown in table 8 . the best performing model is the lattice model , which improves the f1 score by 3 . 36 points .
3 shows the development set results for english – estonian . character - f and bleu scores in percentages . + / − measures for adding / removing a component . multiple modifications are indicated by increasing the indentation . the difference between finetuned and monolingual embeddings is less pronounced for english , but still significant for german .
3 presents the performance of our baselines basic , agree and supervised . our baselines outperform all the baselines except for the one we use in table 3 . the performance improvement on the pbsmt metric is modest but significant , i . e . the improvement over \ en → \ fr on the pivot metric is 2 . 36 % better than the previous state - of - the - art model .
3 shows the ablation results of the model trained with gold data only . the only difference is in bleu score , which shows the diminishing returns from using only gold data . additionally , the number of missing node attributes and the percentage of missing edge features are both statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) and statistically significant ( + 0 . 01 ) .
3 presents the performance of our baselines basic , agree and dual - 0 . our baselines outperform all the baselines except for the one we use in table 3 . the results of \ en → \ fr are presented in tables 3 and 4 .
3 presents the performance of our baselines . our baselines are derived from the best previous work soft ‡ and distill † ( see table 3 ) .
4 shows the results on the official iwslt17 multilingual task . our baselines outperform the previous work sota † and pivot ( avg . ) by a margin of 2 . 36 points .
results on the proposed iwslt17 are summarized in table 5 . the best performances are obtained on the small - scale supervised and unsupervised sets .
3 shows the results for both sets . for europarl and europarparl , we report both the true number of points ( from left to right ) and the average number of words for each embeddings . for both sets , we include the en - de and ru - ru scores , which show the performance of the models when combined with the number of subtitles . for the two sets , our model performs better than the base model .
3 shows bleu scores for the bilingual test sets . our model significantly outperforms the contextual baseline in both languages .
4 shows bleu scores for en - de bilingual test set . the largest difference is in the percentage of context that comes from previous turns , which shows that there is a need to consider both the current turn and the future turn .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on the three metrics . our model outperforms the best previous models in both metrics . it achieves the best performance on both metrics with a 69 . 1 % boost on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . on the metric of maxsimc , our model improves performance by 3 . 6 % on average .
2 shows bleu scores for the test domain for the domain match experiments . table 2 shows that the training data used for the data acquisition is significantly better than the original brown embeddings . wikipedia also outperforms brown , but the difference is less pronounced for giga .
2 shows the performance of our method in multi - class classification . it achieves the best performance with a 62 . 9 % f1 - score and a 63 . 5 % overall improvement .
evaluation results on paraphrase detection task are shown in table 3 . our method obtains the best performance with a 69 . 4 % f1 - score .
2 presents the results of macro - f1 - score of unknown intent detection with different proportion ( 25 % , 50 % , and 75 % ) of classes treated as known intents on snips and atis dataset . it is clear from the table 2 that msp and lof ( softmax ) perform better than softmax and softmax , indicating that there is a need to consider the value of the unknown intents when performing the task .
1 compares al with and without the truncated average of lag , tracking time - indexed lag ali = gi − i − 1γ when | x | = 4 for a wait - 3 system . ali also measures the quality of the data for both statistics 1 and 2 . 25 , with a marginal drop of 0 . 3 % in performance for the two systems .
4 presents bleu scores for evaluating the amr and dmrs generators on gold + silver training set . amr significantly outperforms dmrs on gold + silver training set , while dmrs significantly improves on silver + goldtraining set .
3 shows the performance of all the models in the multi - decoder setup . all models perform slightly better than the others in all but one case . multinli also outperforms all the other baselines in terms of performance . complexity , however , does not improve the performance for all models .
3 shows the bleu and the attention metric meteor scores for both sets . for the context and the memory - to - context metrics , we see that both sets of features contribute similarly to the performance of the two sets of words .
results are shown in table 4 . syntactic treedepth and semantic coordinv scores are presented in bold . semantic treedepth is the most representative of the three stages . syntactic bshift and semantic bshift contribute similarly to the semantic tense scores , while semantic subjnum contributes less . the syntactic tense score is presented in tables 4 and 5 .
3 presents the results of the different aspects of the word analogy tests . our joint model outperforms all the methods except the one that it performs on . inference analysis mrpc and the relatedness / paraphrase stsb datasets are presented in table 3 . the combination of the features that contribute most to the distinctive feature - rich ampc dataset is presented in the supplementary material . sentiment analysis sst2 and sst5 datasets combine the best features of the two .
3 presents the rouge scores of our 20 - ng model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . pca performs better than p - means , indicating that the generation quality of the model can be further improved with a better model design .
shown in table 1 , the performance of the pruned cnet compared to the original dstc2 development set of different batch asr output types was reduced by 0 . 001 points . the percentage of slots / values that were considered to belong to the wrong slot was also reduced by 1 . 1 points , which shows the diminishing returns from using the original output .
results are shown in table 4 . the performance of the weighted pooling method compared to the baseline cnet using pruning is shown in bold . with respect to baseline metrics , we also observe that the method performs slightly better than the baseline when we only consider the number of iterations per request , and the average pooling score is slightly higher than this .
2 shows the dstc2 test set accuracy for 1 - best asr outputs of ten runs with different random seeds in the format average maximumminimumminimum . the results for the two scenarios are shown in table 2 . as the table 2 shows , the traditional train on transcripts + live asr ( baseline ) achieves the best performance with the best asr output of 10 runs . however , the differences between the format of the training data and the output of the actual training data are significant . in particular , the performance drop between the best and worst performances for the four scenarios is significant .
2 shows the results for each training class after sentence splitting . the total number of sentences is 31 , 545 , while the number of errors is 8 , 036 . in addition , we have 15 , 036 sentences for each of the two scenarios .
1 summarizes the results of " manually aligned news commentary " data . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . the results show that , for all but one of the scenarios , the word " sentiment " has a significant impact on the opinion commentary performance .
results are shown in table 3 . the performance of all models in the gold class is reported in the auc . all models except the one that had the highest bilstmatt score ( p < 0 . 005 ) show that the accuracy obtained by bilstm - att is significantly higher than those by the other models .
3 shows the bleu score for both sets . in both cases , the training data involved en ∗ and ru ∗ disambiguation , while in the other case , the transfer data involved both ru and en ( pronunciation ) . pseudo - parallel data involved the same amount of data , but was more likely to involve the same number of participants . as expected , the translation data in the two sets of data was completely different from the original ones .
1 - shot and 5 - way 5 - shot show accuracies on 1 . 0 and 2 . 0 test sets . the results are shown in table 4 . in both cases , the performance increases significantly when the model is trained on the same training set . on the smaller test sets , performance drops significantly .
5 - way - 1shot accuracy and nota scores are shown in table 3 . the best performances are obtained by bert - pair , which takes the training data from cnn and sets the accuracy at 90 % and 98 % respectively .
results in table 3 show that our method outperforms the best previous methods in terms of accuracy . according to the bbn accreditation ( ma - f1 ) , the accuracy obtained by figer + f1 improves by 3 . 8 points in relation to the original scores . however , the accuracy remains the same across all categories .
1 shows the performance of our system when combined with the company ' s f - 1 and rec . scores . in particular , we see that the presence of [ italic ] / other in our system improves the afet rec . performance by 9 . 9 % compared to the previous state of the art . further , it helps the system to better interpret our data and generate better predictions .
observe that the is - heavy and is - thin variants of the model perform similarly to the strong or weak variants of vp , e , noreg , f1 - neigh and p < 0 . 05 . however , for is - hard variants , the difference between the strong and weak variants is less pronounced , so we see that is the case for both models . in particular , for the is_hard variant , it appears to have the most significant effect on the model performance .
4 shows the training times and parameters to learn . the training time to learn is 4 . 5 % longer than the previous state of the art model . parameters and training time to learn are shown in table 4 . the number of parameters to train on is significantly less than the model trained on .
shown in table 2 , the models trained on the av - cos dataset are slightly less accurate than those trained on white - aligned objects . however , when trained on full - is - yellow , the accuracy remains the same across all metrics , except for those in the black - aligned dataset . on the other hand , the difference between the true response and the false positive ones remains the most striking .
3 shows the performance of snli models trained on the snli datasets . the best performance is seen on the ws353 dataset , which is comparable to the best performance of the simverb3500 . however , the difference is much larger on the mturk771 dataset .
3 presents the results of the models trained on the snli and subj datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . all models except for the one that performs the most in the classification ( p < 0 . 01 ) have achieved the best performance . categories such as mpqa and sickr † show significant performance improvement . the sst2 dataset is well - equipped to classify semantic text , but it is unable to do this on the large scale . subj performs particularly bad on classification with respect to semantic similarity , it is important to note that it is possible to classify both datasets in the same manner . this validates the hypothesis that semantic similarity is important for classification .
shown in table 2 , the system performs uniformly worse on male pronouns than it does on female pronouns . this shows that gender bias is a major factor in the system performance , as the occupation is > 50 % female and the gender occupation is 50 % male .
3 shows the b - 1 and b - 3 scores of our models compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . our model significantly outperforms both the baseline models in both b - 2 and cider . the difference between the performance of our model and the other baselines is less pronounced , however , with the exception of rouge - l , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing syntactic and semantic information . table 3 quantitatively compares our model with other approaches that rely on syntactic or semantic information extraction . the most striking thing about our model is that it significantly improves upon the features of static memory without sacrificing too many functions . this corroborates our hypothesis that the semantic information injected into the memory by the syntactic features of the memory is important to boosting performance .
present the results of an ablation study on the baselines . the results are presented in table 2 . our model obtains the best performance on both tests . the performance is slightly worse on the hard test , but still superior than the strong infersent baseline . advdat also outperforms the strong baselines in both cases .
5 shows the percentage decrease from baseline baseline to baseline advdat ( 0 . 4 vs 0 . 5 ) on each count . as expected , the sleeping baseline significantly outperforms the baseline baseline on all counts except for the one that is completely asleep .
3 presents the results of our model on the word " empty " in word analogy task . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that appears in our model , it closely matches the performance of " skip - gram " on both symmetric and asymmetric word analogy tasks . its performance is superior than those of " dash " or " kut " . the difference is less pronounced on the symmetric ones , both the amh and kut scores indicate that the model performs better on the asymmetric ones . svm significantly outperforms the model in both modes .
2 compares with existing datasets . the results are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all three datasets .
3 shows the diminishing returns from preserving milk ’ s λ with and without mass preservation . it can be observed that the preserved milk λ severely affects the bleu and the preserved dal , as shown in table 3 .
4 : overall performance of the dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 method . the performance of this method is reported in table 4 . overall , the method achieves the highest f1 score .
5 shows the performance of our method with respect to slot coherence . the best performance is obtained by an ablation study that verifies the slotherence quality of the slot .
2 compares the performance of our method with other widely used methods . epm method outperforms the strong lemma baseline on meteor and rouge - l . seq2seq performs better than ed ( 1 ) and ed ( 2 ) on both datasets .
3 shows the percentage of n - grams in test abstracts generated by system / human which appeared in training data . system shows a significant drop in performance compared to human , showing that the system is more likely to deceive the human when interacting with objects .
5 compares the performance of these models with the baseline meteor and rouge - l models . results are summarized in table 5 . the results are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) on the one hand , while on the other hand , their performance is significantly worse ( p ≈ 0 . 01 ) . the summaries are markedly gender - neutral ,
4 presents the results of the most recent study . the results are presented in tables 4 and 5 . all opinions expressed by the participants are statistically significant ( 25 % vs . 25 % on average ) , with the exception of one opinion expressed by a non - expert . the percentage of opinion expressing that opinion is significantly higher than those by an opinion - based nlp expert .
3 shows the performance of all models when trained on a single dataset . visual cues significantly improve s + p and the s + i score by 1 . 8 points ( s + p + i ) compared to random cues . however , the differences between vocal and visual cues are most prevalent in the s − i score . for example , for vocal , the performance drop from 1 . 880 to 1 . 442 points on average compared to the previous state of the art baseline .
3 presents the results of models trained on random vectors . our model outperforms all the models except for those trained on tfn . all models except mee have significantly higher s + p and s + i scores than random models . random models significantly outperform human models in all but one case .
2 : the biobert performance on the mednli task . the performance of the models trained on three different combinations of pmc and pubmed datasets is marked as bold . the effectiveness of " - pmc " and " pubmed " metrics is shown in table 2 .
results are shown in table 4 . two tailed models outperform the baseline on all but one of the four subsets . the results reconfirm that the two tailed approaches are comparable on all subsets , with the exception of the bimpm sub - category , where the performance gap between the two approaches is narrower .
shown in table 3 , the bert classifier achieved the best performance with a accuracy of 0 . 843 on test set .
performance across all models depending on the window position . simlex999 model achieves the best performance with a window position of 0 . 68 . however , for gw symmetric , the performance drops significantly .
3 shows the performance across all models with and without cross - sentential contexts . for the simlex999 dataset , there are 0 . 44 and 0 . 65 instances of error , respectively , compared to the 0 . 43 instances in the original dataset . the difference in performance between the true and false predictions is most pronounced in the case of gw false , which is caused by the presence of a large number of missing sentences .
4 shows the performance across all models depending on the removal of stop words . for simlex999 , we see 0 . 68 % increase in performance compared to the previous state of the art . similarly , for gw with no removal , the performance drops by 0 . 18 % .
shown in table 1 , the best performing finetuning method is the one that has the least character embeddings . with the exception of the presence or absence of character embedding , the max - pooling method generally performs better than the other two methods .
next , we give a brief overview of some of the most distinctive features of cbow and esim . overall , the results are in range of 64 . 7 % and 73 . 2 % respectively compared to the previous best state - of - the - art , respectively . these results show that predictive accuracy is high across all categories , with a notable exception for " alternating " .
3 presents the performance of our model on the acc and qqp scores . our model improves upon the state - of - the - art mrpc model by 3 . 8 points in acc score . the model is fine - tuned , initialized with [ bold ] normal distr . it is perceptible that the model has a high accuracy when trained with the normal distribution of the test set .
3 compares the bleu scores of recent points with some recent points in the literature . we find that lee2017 and wu2016 ( 2016 ) significantly outperform the previous state - of - the - art on all three points .
2 shows the bleu bpe and char translation performance on the tokenized and sacrebleu char datasets . in both cases , the difference between the performance of the two languages is less pronounced . for example , enfr is 29 . 7 % more likely to translate into english than deen . similarly , fien is 28 . 6 % .
4 shows the error counts of 100 randomly sampled examples from the deen test set . error counts are shown in table 4 . proper names have the highest percentage of errors , and their number of errors is slightly higher than the others .
6 shows the bpe and bleu scores of different encoders using different layers . our model improves the bilstm performance by 2 . 8 % over the previous state - of - the - art model . it achieves a bpe size of 30 . 0 % and aleu of 0 . 88 . further improving the bpo size by 3 . 4 % over previous work .
3 presents the results of bert + wiki + pu with respect to μf1 and ef1 . the results are summarized in table 3 . wiki + bert significantly improves the λ1 score over the baseline bilstm model by 0 . 3 points . the improvements are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) on the μp and γf1 tests , however , the biggest performance drop is seen in the bert + pu model , which results in a drop of 0 . 1 point compared to the previous state of the art . zubiaga et al . ( 2017 ) also achieves a slight improvement ( p ≈ 0 . 005 ) over the best state - of - the - art bert , but still exceeds the baseline by a significant margin .
3 shows the performance of our models on the 2018 us midterm elections . the best performance is obtained by map ( i . e . , the average precision of bert + wiki + pu ) 0 . 321 ± 0 . 031 . the worst performance by hansen et al . ( 2018 ) is seen in table 3 . our bert + wiki + pu model outperforms all the other models except for the one that gets the worst performance .
4 compares manual relabelling of the top 100 predictions by puc model with the original labels . the results are summarized in table 4 . for the two datasets that had the worst performance , we see that the two tweets had the best performance . wikipedia , on the other hand , was the worst . its f1 score of 0 . 842 and 0 . 864 indicates that it has been trained well .
results are shown in table 3 . the most representative models are the nltk and standford core datasets , which combine word embeddings for precision and recall . the difference between positive and negative predictions is most prevalent in the neutral dataset , where precision is relatively high . for the negative dataset , we see 0 . 5 % precision and 0 . 8 % f1 .
5 shows the performance of 10rv models compared to the previous state - of - the - art systems . for cosine , we avg . p = 0 . 05 and semeval17 , respectively . we see that for wordim , the average number of words per sentence is significantly less than the avg . for rg . however , this is not the case for all other systems .
embeddings outperform vanilla , rnnsearch * and target bridging in all but one case . table 3 shows the performance of these models on the single - domain test set of table 3 . the difference is most prevalent in mt02 , mt03 and mt04 datasets , which are typically considered to be more data - dense . however , this analysis fails to account for the large number of instances in the multi - domain dataset that belong to this set . this highlights the diminishing returns from using source and target bridging . our model outperforms all the other methods except for the one we consider in table 3 , which underscores the value of redundancy removal . when redundancy removal was applied to the mt02 dataset , the performance was only slightly better than the other two .
2 shows the results on the wmt english - german translation task . our proposed method significantly outperforms the vanilla transformer model in terms of bleu score . in fact , it is significantly better than the vanilla model in both languages . direct bridging , on the other hand , is still significantly worse than the vanilla model .
3 shows the performance of our shared - private model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models on the bleu test set . the results on the vanilla test set are shown in table 3 . the difference between en and ko ⇒ is minimal but significant , with an absolute improvement of 2 . 36 % over the baseline . on the other hand , this small difference is still significant with a marginal increase of 3 . 48 % compared to previous experiments .
4 shows the performance of the shared - private and the decoder wt models compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . the results are summarized in table 4 . shared - private embeddings outperform the decoder wt model on both metrics , with the exception of λwf being slightly better on the λur metric . however , the difference between the two approaches is less pronounced for the " voc " model , which results in a lower bleu score .
2 compares the time for users to set up the tool and identify verbs in a 623 word news article . it takes 18 minutes on ubuntu and 22 minutes on macos . the differences between gate and yedda are significant at the 0 . 01 level according to a t - test .
results in table 1 show that the word2vec and syntree2vec scores have the highest correlation with each other , i . e . , the average number of words in the sentence is significantly higher than the score of 0 . 01mb . similarly , the performance of syntreevec is slightly worse than the other two models , but still comparable to the best performing ones .
shown in table 1 , the word " no " refers to answer sentence , " long answer passage " and " short answer phrase " respectively . as shown in the second table , the difference between the number of words for each answer sentence is larger than that of the other two .
models trained on the map data are shown in table 4 . the best performing models are bert - l and roberta - l , both using the same lm and lc + tl ( qnli ) training set . the difference between the performance of these models is most prevalent in relation to the original wikiqa model .
models trained on the map data are shown in table 4 . the best performing models are bert - l and roberta - b , both with the same number of training examples . the difference between map data and actual mrr is most pronounced when trained with two different types of clustering : comp - agg + lm + lc = map ( qnli ) and rc - qa .
results are shown in table 4 . fine - tuning reduces the effect of noise on the wikiqa map and trec - qa mrr by 2 . 03 % ( t - test , p < 0 . 001 ) . when no noise is added to the bert - base , the effect is less pronounced , but still significant , with a drop of 3 . 03 % . when removing the noise - leveling effect , the results are slightly better than those obtained using no noise . however , the biggest drop is seen when applying the no noise effect .
6 shows the impact of different labels of asnq on fine - tuning bert for answer sentence selection . neg and pos refers to question - answer ( qa ) pairs of the same label , and also applies to trec - qa map , as shown in table 6 . neg : 1 , 2 , 3 pos : 4 shows the best performance for qa .
7 compares the bert - base and tanda datasets with both ft and qnli datasets . as table 7 shows , both datasets have comparable mrr scores . however , for the wikiqa dataset , the difference between the mrr and the baseline is much larger . for example , the ft asnq dataset has a mrr score of 0 . 863 , 0 . 864 and 0 . 951 respectively compared to the previous best state - of - the - art .
results in table 3 show that bert and nad achieve remarkably similar results on the two datasets when trained on the same combination of training and test sets .
can be seen in table 3 the effect of the different classifiers on the ic scores for each feature . for dif_diff , there is one effect : the difference in the ic score between having the best response and having the worst response is less pronounced . with the addition of the has - diff classifier , the difference between the two effect of having the wrong response is much less pronounced for the model .
results in table 1 show that the use of uniparse improves the generalization performance of our neural parser in only a few lines using the extremely broad standard deviation band .
3 . 9 % higher performance than the previous best state - of - the - art model on the test set of treebank ar_padt . also , we slightly outperform the baseline model in both form and sentence selection , with the exception of the exceptional case of " form5 " . our model obtains a 3 . 86 % better overall performance than our baseline model , which shows the diminishing returns from training on a single model . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we consider in table 3 .
3 compares the jw and median jw scores over the 28 datasets . the average jw score is 8 . 17 / 8 . 92 and the median is 3 . 40 .
ii compares the performance of different models with pre - trained embedding models . we observe that the w2v model outperforms the char - cnn model in all but one of the cases . moreover , the difference in performance between the two models is less pronounced in the cases of samples / author .
3 compares the label accuracy ( i . e . ϕ = 0 . 67 ) and the f1 score of our model ( bert ) with the previous state - of - the - art model .
performance of our system on fever dataset is shown in table 1 . the training set and the development set generate over 900 , 000 questions . the number of questions per claim ( median ) is significantly higher than the number of training set instances , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing training and test sets .
performance of the training set and the test set on fever dataset is presented in table 2 . the training set achieved the best performance with a score of 86 . 20 .
3 presents the results of all models tested on the test set of wnli ( cf . table 3 ) . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 . in both cases , the gap between the f1 and f1 scores between the original scenario and the transductive scenario is narrower than expected . the bert model outperforms the other models in both scenarios with a gap of 2 . 5 % in f1 score . finally , the performance gap between sota and bert ' s proposed rand ( cid : 0 . 5 ) improves significantly with the training data . further improving performance by adding train data helps the model achieve the best performance .
iii presents the results of the second study . pretrained vs non - pretrained embeddings show that the performance gain from more training data is greater when the training data are considered as pretrained , but is less pronounced when trained .
3 presents the results of models trained on word embeddings . our model outperforms both the manual and the model in terms of accuracy . for english , we see . 36 ( hi ) and . 45 ( ta ) on average , while the difference between the two is much smaller . for spanish , our model performs slightly better than the other two models .
2 shows the accuracy on non - wikipedia data . for example , the transsupervised model significantly outperforms the exact model in all but one of the comparisons . on the other hand , for the oromo dataset , it is significantly worse . the difference between the performance of the two models is much smaller .
3 shows the performance of our method with respect to entity linking . the input given for training and pivoting is shown in parentheses in the first row . the pairs with the different scripts are marked with a “ * ” . using graphemes , phonemes or articulatory features as input , the pair with the best performance drops significantly .
shown in table 1 , the results of scenario - based bert rc are significantly better than those of scenario based bert ( which relies on word embeddings ) . on the other hand , the difference between realistic ir and realistic pmi is still much larger .
embeddings outperform models using word2vec and fasttext . note that both models use object detectors trained on the same domain , hence the difference in performance between the models .
embeddings outperform models using word2vec and fasttext . note that both models use object detectors trained on the same domain , hence the difference in performance between the two models .
3 shows the performance of image recall @ 10 on the multi30k dataset with different languages with different training examples . for example , train . lang has the best performance , while en + fr has the worst performance .
4 shows the results for english with respect to image recall @ 10 on multi30k dataset with different languages with different embeddings . in both cases , the performance is better than the performance of the en + fr embeddings . however , the improvement is still worse than that of the de - fr embedding .
1 : non - expert human performance for a randomly - selected validator per question . our dbert model outperforms all the state - of - the - art methods in terms of both em and f1 scores .
3 shows precision r - 1 , f1 r - 2 and recall r - l . the best performing method is m2 - latent , which improves recall accuracy by 2 . 36 % on average . further improving precision accuracy by adding m1 - shallow to the performance of pg and m2 - shallow , thereby improving recall accuracy .
2 : average petition performance over 3 runs ( noting that lower is better for both mae and mape ) . the one - sided t - tests show that both ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) are significantly better than the baseline baseline . when m1 - latent is removed , mape and bi - lstm w / m2 - shallow achieve the best results ( 14 . 67 and 15 . 67 , respectively ) . as shown in table 2 , the better baseline performance is for both the baseline and the multi - factor model . the slight improvement over the baseline is due to the higher precision of the m2 layer . we also observe that , when m2 is removed from the model , the effect on mape is less pronounced , but still significant . finally , we see that , in comparison to the baseline , m2 has the advantage of training more shallow .
3 presents the results of theitalic model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . the results are presented in table 3 . the results of bertsda outperform those of the other models on both datasets , with the exception of the news dataset , which is more closely related to the human judgement . on the imdb dataset , the results are slightly better than those on the snli dataset . however , the performance drop is still significant on the four datasets indicating that the model performs well on the three datasets .
5 shows the performance of our bertbase model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models on three datasets : imdb , yelp , and f1 . the results are summarized in table 5 . the accuracy on the ulmfit dataset is slightly higher than that on the other three datasets . on the other hand , the accuracy remains the same on both datasets , with the exception of the one on the ag ’ s news dataset ( p = 0 . 0088 ) . the difference between accuracy and error rates between the two datasets is less pronounced for the two than for the other two . when using only one error rate , the model achieves a 5 . 71 / 5 . 71 improvement over the average of 5 . 67 / 6 . 86 by 2 . 16 points .
4 shows the effects on fine - tuning the bert - large model ( bert - l ) . for imdb and ag ’ s news , we report test error rate ( k = 1 ) of 4 . 58 % and 5 . 15 % on average , respectively , compared to the previous state - of - the - art . adjusted bert scores on both datasets are slightly higher than those on the original imdb ( 4 . 58 % ) and ag ' s news ( 7 . 02 % ) due to the higher k = 1 score .
2 presents the results of automatic evaluation with perplexity . our model outperforms all the models except seq2seq models in terms of oov score . it obtains a slight improvement over the upsampling baseline on three of the four scenarios .
3 presents the results of automatic evaluation . our model outperforms all the baseline models except for the ones that had higher oov score . transdg even achieves higher performance than seq2seq and memnet , indicating that it has better interpretability .
4 shows the results of automatic evaluation with bleu scores . our model outperforms all the baseline models except seq2seq models except for one , which results in a drop of 0 . 005 . the results are slightly worse than those of memnet and copynet , but still superior to seq 2seq in most cases .
5 shows the performance of our model on the test set of transdg . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 2 . 41 points in fluency and 1 . 42 points in accuracy .
7 shows the ablation results of transdg on the test set of bleu - 1 and cours - 2 . in both cases , the model obtains higher entity score than the other two baselines .
3 presents the results of the most recent methods . our proposed method outperforms all the previous methods in terms of both test set and overall results .
1 shows the bleu scores of the models using the same beam size as the greedy search method . similarly , the performance of the model with la as the reference is comparable to that using greedy search .
3 shows the n - gram overlap between question and answer , and the average number of words for each answer . question length is relatively high , followed by answer length of 2 . 2 .
shown in table 2 , the performance of the lstm model trained on the wmt16 multimodal translation dataset with different la steps is able to improve the model on the entire testing set . however , when the target sentences are longer than 25 words , it harm the model considerably .
3 shows the results of applying the la module to the transformer model trained on the wmt14 dataset . the results of this method significantly improve the performance when the la time step is 5 .
4 : we show the results of integrating auxiliary eos loss into the coreference tasks . the results of this approach are summarized in table 4 . the two - step approach significantly outperform each other in terms of performance , with the exception of greedy , which is more related to human intuition . further , the performance improvement is modest but significant , with an absolute improvement of 2 . 5 % over the baseline .
1 presents the results of our joint self - attention model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . the results are summarized in table 1 . the he2018dynconv model outperforms both the wmt ’ 14 en - de and the iwslt ' 14 de - en model by a margin of 3 . 3 points .
shown in table i , the method with * notation significantly outperforms the best state - of - the - art results by reducing the error by 80 . 7 % and achieving nearly perfect results in the diva - hisdb dataset ( see section iii - a ) . similarly , the same method with ^ notation also achieves a comparable performance with the one using wavelength .
ii shows the results of the experiments shown in table ii . the best performing text - line extraction method is the one which receives the ground truth of the semantic segmentation at pixel - level as input . the difference between the performance of this method and the state - of - the - art method is minimal .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models on the four tasks . we apply the best performing model , etemn , on all four datasets . the model achieves the best performance with an f1 of 3 . 0 . on the four datasets , it achieves the most accuracy with bleu - 4 . 4 . accuracy is slightly better than the average of 4 . 0 % on the three tasks .
3 shows the performance of word2vec + wn models compared to the previous state - of - the - art model on the multi - task flickr30k dataset . the results are presented in table 3 . the model achieves the best performance with a bleu - 4 score and 79 . 2 % f1 score on the metric . it further improves with the addition of wn to the model ' s vqa score .
3 presents the performance of task additional models ( tgn ) and grovle ( w / o multi - task pretraining ) with ft as the metric for accuracy . the results are presented in table 3 . it can be observed that using ft - based training improves the accuracy and precision of the scan , and the phrase grounding qa r - cnn . accuracy is slightly higher than the accuracy of using full - time training , but still superior than the best model from scratch . text - to - clip tgn achieves the best performance with accuracy of 69 . 36 % . however , it is slightly worse than the performance obtained using fulltime training on the vqa ban . the results also indicate that combining ft and training with cvqa helps the model achieve the best results .
3 shows the performance of multi - task pretraining on the test set of grovle and cvqa . the results are presented in table 3 . it can be observed that using the enhanced semantic features boosts the average fqa score by 2 . 36 points over the previous state - of - the - art model .
3 presents the results of different approaches for different aspects of the bidaf and roberta datasets . we use " dev " and " - max " to denote the number of stages in the model ' s development . the results are presented in table 3 . the method developed by bert and dberta outperforms all the methods except the original one .
results are shown in table 3 . seq2seq performs better than all the methods except for the one that performs in the distinct - 1 case . the difference in diff score is minimal , however seq2seq achieves a bleu score of 43 . 36 and 35 . 36 respectively compared to the previous best state - of - the - art baseline , paml , and ataml . surprisingly , the two methods have the worse performance . diff score is computed using a weighted average of 0 . 12 and 0 . 00 to match the true score of the other two baselines .
results on dataset dsquad are shown in table 4 . the performance of the model on the test set is reported in table 6 . all metrics are statistically significant with em < 0 . 05 f1 score . the state - of - the - art on the evaluation set is presented in tables 6 and 7 . table 6 shows the results of the multi - factor test set . the results are presented in terms of f1 scores ( mikolov et al . , 2018 ) on the validation set of the dbidaf .
4 shows the bleu scores on the validation sets for the same model trained on different data . the results show that both source and wikisplit benefit from the same bleus score .
6 shows the manual evaluation results for a random sample of 50 inputs from websplit 1 . 0 validation set . the results are shown in tables 6 and 7 . for both sets , the error reductions are significantly ( 95 / 100 ) ( 62 / 100 ) .
5 shows the results on the websplit v1 . 0 test set when varying the training data while holding model architecture fixed . ag18 improves upon the previous best model by 62 . 4 % in bleu and 2 . 0 % in sbleu . as the table shows , combining source and training data with the best model achieves the best results .
2 shows the quality results for local embeddings . as expected , the difference between the average number of walks and the number of instances of no walks is very small .
3 presents the performance on the seep and seep datasets . results are summarized in table 3 . for the seep dataset , the embdi and embdi scores are significantly better than those of the other two groups .
4 shows the f - measure results for unsupervised deeper . the best performing model is refs , which performs well in combination with glove and word2vec embeddings . however , it is slightly worse than the other two systems . embdi performs worse than either glove or word2cos the two widely used supervised methods .
3 shows the performance of our model on the test set of dbert . our model improves upon the state - of - the - art on all metrics with an f1 score of 58 . 7 .
4 shows the results of an automatic evaluation procedure on a random sample of 1000 sentences . the results of this procedure are summarized in table 4 . the largest difference is in the same score , which shows that minwikisplit significantly outperforms both the systems in terms of same and precision .
6 : averaged human evaluation ratings on a random sample of 300 sentences from minwikisplit . grammaticality ( g ) , meaning preservation ( m ) and structural simplicity ( s ) are measured using a 1 ( very bad ) to 5 ( very good ) scale .
1 and table 2 summarize our findings on hatelingo and fountadclbsvsk18 . we define these tweets as offensive , abusive , and sometimes containing offensive language . golbeck2017 and golbeck 2017 define 25 , 000 words as hate speech , and 35 , 000 as abusive , at the rate of 2 to 3 words per tweet . the results are presented in table 2 . tweets containing hate speech and offensive language are broken down in the range of 1 to 5 .
3 shows the performance of our method with respect to recall . our dream - roberta model improves upon the best state - of - the - art unc model by 5 . 5 % in f1 score .
3 presents the macro - and micro - f1 scores of the models trained on directness and mtsl . the results are summarized in table 3 . directness outperforms all the baseline models except for the macro - f1 baseline . in both cases , the difference between the effectiveness of expressing an opinion or a response is less pronounced . however , the differences between the performance of the two models are larger than those of the other baseline models . for example , in macro - f2 , there is a marginal difference of 0 . 9 vs 0 . 86 between the baseline performance of both models , indicating that the effect of the additional cost term is more important to the model ' s performance .
3 presents the macro - and micro - f1 scores of tweets from the same domain . the results are summarized in table 3 . tweets with the highest ar and average f1 scores are slightly better than those without . however , the difference between the averages is still larger than those with the least ar and the highest f1 .
1 compares the results of multilingual bert and the baseline on french and japanese squad . the results are slightly worse than the baseline , but still superior than the f1 - score of the baseline in both languages .
2 shows the performance of multilingual bert on each of the cross - lingual squad datasets where it occurs . the results in bold are the best exact match , for each language , among the four datasets where they occur .
performance of bert and ukp - athene compared to previous models is reported in table 4 . the results of " + " and " + " fine - tuned bert outperform all the other models except for bert ( pointwise ) by a margin of 2 . 36 points .
3 shows the doc - level bleu scores on the dgt valid and test sets of our submitted models in all tracks . in all but one of these , the error rates are higher than those on the valid set .
6 presents the results of an english nlg comparison against state - of - the - art on rotowire - test . our ( 4 - player ) model improves 14 . 5 bleu over the state of the art . while wiseman et al . ( 2017 ) apply a set of tokenization fixes to the model outputs ( e . g . , 1 - of - 3 ) , the difference between the performance of the four - player model is less pronounced .
7 presents the results of an english nlg ablation study , starting from a 3 best player baseline ( the submitted nlg model has 4 players ) . bleu averages over 3 runs , and is 19 . 8 % better than ( 5 ) the previous state - of - the - art model . again , this shows the diminishing returns from shuffling .
3 shows f1 score on the development set for low - resource training setups ( none , tiny 5k or small 10k labeled danish sentences ) and finetune setups ( 14k sentences / 203k tokens ) . the small improvements over the large baseline show that transfer via neural transfer can significantly improve the model ' s interpretability . the large improvements over small baseline shows that neural transfer and fine - tuning can further improve the interpretability of small , abstractive training setups .
4 presents the f1 score for danish ner . our bilstm model outperforms all the other models except for polyglot , which contributes significantly to org .
5 shows the f1 @ 5 scores of all models trained on the same dataset . inspec and semeval models perform significantly better than the inspec model , indicating that the model is more suitable for production use . catseq performs particularly well in the production setting .
shown in table 2 , the performance of catseq models on the test set is presented in table 2 . the results are presented in the mean of the absent mae and the average number of responses for the model , both for the test setting and for the validation set . in particular , the results show that the ability to select the most important responses from the data is relatively high , with the exception of the oracle having the most significant effect .
5 : ablation study on the kp20k dataset . suffix " - 2rf1 " denotes our full rl approach , and catseq - 2f1 denotes that we replace our adaptive rf1 reward function in the full approach with an f1 reward signal for all the generated keyphrases . the results are summarized in table 5 . both the present and absent scores ( f1 @ 5 and m < 0 . 005 ) are statistically significant ( paired t - test , p < 0 . 01 ) . the performance drops significantly when the presence of the wrong reward signal is present .
3 presents the f1 scores of the models trained on the new and used catseq models . the results are presented in table 3 . in both cases , the models perform better than the other models when the models are used in the production setting . catseqd significantly outperforms both the original and the new models in both cases .
3 presents the bleu score of the models trained on the distinct - 1 and distinct - 2 datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . ar + mmi + rl significantly outperforms the other models in both cases , with the exception of the case of the english - language variant , where the accuracy was slightly higher . further , the difference between ar and non - ar shows that the ar model is more accurate at predicting the task , and its performance is higher when trained with the correct vocabulary . finally , the percentage of ar models that perform in the two scenarios is lower than the other two , but still comparable with those of humans .
3 presents the coherence and agr scores of the models trained on the content richness and content richness datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . the ar model significantly outperforms the non - ar model in both achieving the highest coherence score and the higher agr percentage overall .
4 : the performances of nonar + mmi methods on wmt14 en → de and wmt16 ro → en . results from gu et al . ( 2018 ) and lee et al . , 2018 ) are shown in table 4 . the results from the previous work are summarized in tables 4 and 5 . they show that the use of mmi underperforms nat and other non - ar - based methods .
3 presents the results of different weighting variations evaluated on the dev dataset ( 32 , 246 nominal compounds ) . all variations use the same dropout rate as the model that was evaluated in table 3 . however , transweight - mat outperforms all the variations except cos - d in terms of q1 and q2 . the difference between using t = 100 transformation and n = 200 transformation is most striking in the gold - two - mention case , where t = 200 variation gives a 2 . 42 % boost to q2 and q3 . similarly , for word representations with n = 200 transformation , the dropout rate of 2 . 48 % gives a 3 . 43 % boost .
top - of - the - box results for all categories are presented in table 4 . the top - level results for each category are reported in tables 4 and 5 . in all but one case , the number of instances in which the word " decoder " has to be used to compute a sentence is more than 5 .
3 shows the f1 scores of all models trained on the cnn network . all models except ent - only outperform cnn in all but one case . ent - dep0 is the only one that achieves better f1 score than ent - sent . bilstm also improves the cnn baseline by 3 points .
2 shows the mrr and map scores of bertbase using the learned word embeddings . the results are presented in tables 2 and 3 . we observe that , in all but one case , the semantic metrics are significantly better than the baseline on the wikiqa and semevalcqa datasets . the difference is most prevalent on the yahooqa dataset , where the average mrr is slightly higher than the average on the other two .
3 shows the f1 scores of all models trained on the cnn network . all models except ent - only outperform cnn in all but one case . ent - dep0 is the only one that does not exceed 50 % on cnn .
results are shown in table 4 . the results of triples with semantic annotations are slightly higher than those without , but still higher than the two that have semantic annotations . in addition , the difference between the effectiveness of the two approaches is less pronounced for those that have negative polarity .
3 presents the results of the study on location and associated musicians . in general , the results are presented in table 3 . while the average number of musicians in the study is slightly higher than the associatedmusicalartist , the differences between the two are less pronounced for the two . the presence of a spouse / partner ( 6 , 273 ) and the number of members of the same class is less striking for theitalic than for the other two .
results are shown in table 4 . the best performances by each model are reported in the table . the best performance is achieved on the all test sets . in the exceptional case of " ambiguous " dataset , the performance is improved by 1 . 7 % on the all test set .
3 shows the performance of bertbase and bertlarge in test set of five datasets . the results are summarized in table 3 . bertbase significantly outperforms map and semevalcqa large base . the number of training epochs is 3 .
1 shows the performance of the different classifiers when trained on the same dataset . semeval and manual search perform similarly on the i2b2 dataset , but do not exceed the upper boundary of " normal " .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the original and the embeddings trained on the original dataset .
performance of our model compared to previous stateof - the - art models on the three datasets is presented in table 4 .
experimental results on iwslt 2017 de → en and kftt 2014 en → de are shown in table 1 . surprisingly , softmax outperforms softmax and softmax in both cases , while the difference between activation and ro → de is less pronounced . the results also seem to indicate that the adaptation mechanisms are more effective than softmax .
6 shows the results for c - lstm models trained with cc and arxiv embeddings . the results show that cc improves the subtasking performance by 1 . 1 micro f1 and 1 . 2 macro f1 . additionally , it boosts the subtask performance by 2 . 3 micro f2 and 3 . 3 macro f2 .
3 presents the results of the models trained on the unc + test and referit test . our model outperforms all the models except rmi and kwa on both testa and testb by a significant margin . referit also achieves higher performance than the previous state - of - the - art models on both tests . the difference in performance between the two models is most prevalent in the kwa - cnn model ( which takes the pre - trained model and applies the g - ref on the test ) . the kwa model closely matches the performance of lstm - cnn , although it is inferior in some cases .
2 : ablation study of the different attention methods for multimodal features on the unc val set . the first study shows that both attention methods significantly outperform the other two approaches .
performance of our model on the test set of iou is presented in table 4 . our model outperforms all the other methods except for the one that it relies on . it obtains a significant improvement in prec @ 0 . 5 and prec @ 0 . 9 score over the strong rmi - lstm baseline , and on the other hand , performs slightly worse than either the other two models . the difference between the two is most prevalent in the small - scale settings , i . e . when training with pre - trained and unsupervised models . this corroborates our intuition that the human judgement is more important than the data . the small size of the training set , however , does not harm the model ' s performance , which underscores the value of human judgement .
experimental results of the second metric are presented in table 2 . for the first metric , we compare our model with the previous state - of - the - art models . gen . perf . achieves the best performance on model 1 , model 2 and model 3 .
3 presents the results of our model on mrda and glove . the results are presented in table 3 . the first set of results show that our method significantly improves the mrda score over the previous state - of - the - art models . further , our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of performance .
results are shown in table 5 . inspec and semeval models outperform the inspec model on all metrics except f1 @ 10 . with the exception of krapivin , which obtains the best f1 at 5 , the other two models perform slightly worse .
3 shows the f @ 5 scores of models trained on the transformer 80m and the bigrnn 80m . the performance of these models is presented in table 3 . random and no - sort models perform significantly better than random models on all metrics , with the exception of f @ 10 .
results are presented in table 4 . the results of the best performing baselines are summarized in tables 4 and 5 . although the results are slightly better than those of the original models , they are still slightly worse than the best - performing ones . detection results are broken down into three categories : reactions ( adr ) and relations ( cdr ) ( differences ) . the most striking thing about the elmo - lstm - crf is that it appears to have little correlation with human judgement .
3 shows the results for each domain for the three domains . while the positive label ( diagnosis detection and improvement ) is the most prevalent , the negative label ( referring to a non - disambiguation ) consistently leads to a drop of 3 . 6 % in performance . further , for the two domains , the discrepancies between the positive and negative labels are most prevalent in the case of the diagnosis detection and recovery label ( which is used to identify discrepancies in the test set ) .
2 presents the corpus statistics and label distributions of friends and emotionpush datasets . the typical error rate for the two scenarios is 15 . 2 % on average . in addition , the average number of dialogues per conversation is 14 . 9 % and is slightly higher than in the previous experiment , which shows the diminishing returns from training on a larger corpus . we also observe that the frequency with which the dialogues are generated is slightly less than the average length of the average conversation , which suggests that training on the larger corpus might help the model to better interpret the messages generated .
1 compares the performance of our model with the baseline on paraphrase extraction . our model outperforms both the fsa baseline and hotelqa baseline in terms of the number of pairs extracted and the percentage of valid pairs ,
5 presents the results for classifying r vs u in the br , us , and combined br + us dataset . the baseline score is 50 % . classification test scores for the combined br and us dataset are 50 % ( paired t - test ) .
2 shows the performance of 2 data types compared to the previous state of the art . the largest gains are seen in relation to " headers " and " body " compared to " body " . further , the differences in performance between the two data types are mostly due to the size of the data sets , table 2 shows that the headsers and headsers are significantly better than the other two types of data types .
2 data type compares against 1 data type and compact sync geth . table 2 compares the performance of 2 data types . we find that the headers and the headsers perform better than the other two data types , however , the performance gap between the two is much larger for compact sync and fast sync . the differences between the effectiveness of heads and heads are mostly due to the high accuracy of the number of nodes in the data set , further , the smaller size of the two data types difficulties and bodies show that the two types of data are comparable , but the difference between accuracy between them is much smaller . our model achieves the best performance with a boost of 11 . 48 % on average compared to the previous best performance .
results are presented in table 4 . transformer - word outperforms all other models except for the one that is used in the table 4 shows that for all models that are trained on bcleu datasets , the average mt02 and average rd score are lower than those using bleu or chrf1 . the difference between the two is less pronounced for the model that relies on word embeddings and the original transformer word .
3 presents the results of multi - granularity model on the task slc and task flc . the results are presented in table 3 . the joint model outperforms the all - propaganda model on all three tasks , with the exception of task flc . in fact , the joint model achieves the best performance on both tasks with a significant improvement in the f1 score .
2 presents the results on cqa dev - random - split with cos - e used during training . the results on this data are presented in table 2 . the accuracy is slightly higher than bert ( 62 . 8 % ) but still higher than cage ( 63 . 6 % ) .
3 : test accuracy on cqa v1 . 0 . the addition of cos - e during training improves performance by 10 % over the previous state - of - the - art method .
4 shows the performance of the cose - selected and cos - e - disambiguated models for both training and validation . the difference in accuracy between the two variants is statistically significant , as table 4 shows , when using only one variant of segment e , the accuracy drops significantly .
6 presents the results for explanation transfer from cqa to out - of - domain swag and sotry cloze tasks . the results for bert and + expl transfer are shown in tables 6 and 7 .
1 shows the f1 and epm scores for both the fa split and testing on the lqn split of redi et al . ( 2019 ) . bert + pu significantly outperforms the lemma baseline ( p < 0 . 005 ) and the ensembled f1 score for citation - based detection training on the fasplit of the 2019 experiment , and on the test set of roc , which follows the concatenation of published and unpublished material . the f1 scores for bert and pu obtain an average of 0 . 871 and 0 . 864 , respectively , compared to the previous state of the art , reported in the previous literature .
shown in table 1 , the number of synsets in the training and test set is the maximum depth of the basic level concepts counted from ( and including ) the top synset of the training set . however , this does not account for the significant drop in the quality of the level concepts , i . e . that there is no imbalance in the distribution of the knowledge scores . this indicates that the importance of domain - level knowledge sharing .
2 presents the results of the best performing model . we rank each feature in descending order of importance . the most important feature is the word - length cluster , which measures the quality of each relation . it closely matches the sentiment of the music , food , and other groups .
3 shows the results for each domain when trained and tested on the new domain . the results are shown in table 3 . all the baselines except for the one that has been trained ( music + fruit ) have the highest error rates . in all but one case , the error rates are statistically significant ( acc . vs . acc . ) . the other two cases are frequency and frequency bal . acc . has the worst performance . the imbalance is caused by the high frequency of the music and frequency bands .
1 shows the distribution of the event mentions per pos per token in all datasets of the eventi corpus . the distribution is shown in table 1 . for each pos , there are 1 , 426 mentions per token . this indicates that the training set contains a significant amount of pos .
2 shows the distribution of event mentions per class in all the eventi datasets . the largest difference is seen in the i_action dataset , which contains 3 , 798 training instances .
3 presents the performance of the models trained on the ilc - itwack dataset . the results are presented in table 3 . the first set of results show that , when trained on a single dataset , the accuracy is relatively high , with the exception of the case of the " strict evaluation " which is used on the " relaxed evaluation " . the second set of scores show that the combination of features that improve the accuracy of the strict evaluation and the relaxed evaluation are substantially better than the other baselines .
3 shows the bleu scores for the intra - dist and dist - 2 datasets . the performance of hred and seqgan models is presented in table 3 . hred significantly outperforms the inter - dist dist - 1 baseline on both datasets , with hred performing slightly better than the other two models in both cases . interestingly , the bow embeddings perform slightly worse in the dist - 4 dataset than those without . the bow embedding performance gap between the two models is small but significant , with the exception of the case of bowembedding ( which performs slightly better in the dist - 2 dataset ) . the performance gap is modest but high , with only 0 . 005 % overall improvement over the interdist / dist - 2 baseline .
human judgments for models trained on the dailydialog dataset are shown in table 5 . the best performing model is the dialogwae - gmp model , which consistently outperforms the informative model by a margin of 2 . 6 % in both cases .
2 compares rl and seq2seq models with the baselines . the rl model achieves the highest bleu score , but not significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) . the baselines have the least performance , but do not have significant performance improvement . multiseq also achieves lower bleus score than both baselines , but it is not significant .
1 : the best performance observed in 5 runs on the development sets of both sparc and cosql . we also conduct wilcoxon signed - rank tests , since their test sets are not public . syntaxsql - con and cd - seq2seq perform similarly in terms of match rate , with the exception of the cosql test set . the results are summarized in table 1 .
results in table 3 show that the method has the best overall performance . the results are presented in the table below . the proposed system obtains the best performance with an average precision of . 38 % , compared to . 50 % on the test set . in addition , the system performs significantly better than the original method ( p ( x , y ) and the svd ppmi ( y , n ) baseline .
4 : ablation tests reporting average precision values on the unsupervised hypernym detection task , signifying the choice of layers utilized in our proposed spon model . relu and tanh completely remove negative values from the performance of the activation layer . this indicates that the use of a non - negative activation layer can further improve the performance for the task . relu with tanh removed the negative values and the residual layer further reduces performance .
5 : results on the unsupervised hypernym detection task for bless dataset . with 13 , 089 test instances , the improvement in average precision values obtained by spon as compared against smoothed box model is statistically significant with two - tailed p value equals 0 . 00116 .
2 shows the rouge recall results on the nyt50 test set . ml + rl + intra - attn models ( ours ) significantly outperform the two - stage model in terms of recall . the difference between brevity and full sentences is less pronounced for brevity , however it is larger for full sentences . rl + attn model significantly boosts recall , as shown in table 2 .
7 shows the results on the domain specific task of semeval 2018 . the best performing system is on the music map dataset . on the music mrr dataset , the best performance is 34 . 05 % . on the medical dataset , it is 35 . 10 % better than the previous best system .
1 shows the embedding similarity scores of the real and rl target output in terms of the number of embeddings in the output list . the comparison is very small , at 0 . 7 % and 0 . 864 % respectively compared to the real target output , which shows that pre - trained rl is more accurate than the real input .
results are shown in table 3 . the most representative models are sst , bilstm and sopa . the best performing models are dan , dan and cnn , which have similiar performance on both datasets . however , the differences are most prevalent on amazon , where sst performs slightly worse than cnn and dan .
4 presents the results for gold standard dialogue . our joint model improves upon the strong kappa score ( κ ) and observed agreement ( ao ) by 4 . 5 points .
results are shown in table 4 . inceptionfixed accuracy was 69 . 2 % and inception was 73 . 2 % . joint accuracy was slightly higher than inception , but still comparable to the best baseline on both datasets . table 4 also shows that the accuracy gap between accuracy on wikipedia and the baseline was narrower than in the other two datasets .
4 shows the confusion matrix of the joint model on wikipedia . rows are the actual quality classes and columns are the predicted quality classes . the diagonal ( gray cells ) indicates correct predictions . the number of examples in the cluster indicates that the starting class is more likely to fail .
1 presents the results of large - scale text classification data sets . our model outperforms both the english news and chinese news categorization datasets by a significant margin . as table 1 shows , the size of the data sets and the number of training instances for each data set are small but significant , with the effect being larger than those for english news . we observe that for both languages , the ag news dataset is more than 5k and 7k data sets , respectively . for the chinese news dataset , we have 4 data sets that are comparable in size to english news classification data , but larger than that for english .
results in table 3 show that our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in all aspects except for ag ( 5k ) and sogou ( 10k ) datasets .
results in table ii show that pre - trained models have higher bleu scores than all models except for the one that has the prefix .
3 shows the performance of pre - trained models compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . hosseini et al . ( 2017 ) outperforms all the pretrained models with a gap of 2 . 7 points in performance . the results reconfirm that pre - training models can improve upon the already promising cc2 performance by 3 . 4 points . on the other hand , the performance gap between pre - trained and the new model drops significantly with the performance improvement of the model .
1 shows the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of woz 2 . 0 corpus . the proposed bert + rnn model achieves the best performance with a score of 0 . 864 . on the same evaluation dataset , bert - dnn mrkšić et al . ( 2017 ) and parallelism ( 2018 ) achieve the best joint goal accuracy . similarly , for the statenetpsi ren et al . , 2018 , the model achieves a performance of 1 . 8 % joint accuracy .
2 presents the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of multiwoz corpus . our model obtains a joint accuracy of 0 . 3557 , which significantly improves the performance of the benchmark model .
3 presents the test set of bert , rte and hubert . the results are presented in table 3 . the true score of each model is obtained by fine - tuning the acc . score of the transfer model to the true true score . precision bert and snli achieve the best performance with a gap of 2 . 53 / 3 . 53 points in the transfer score .
3 presents the test set of bert and snli . the results are presented in table 3 . the true results of both models are reported in the acc . ( true ) and filler scores . snli significantly outperforms bert in both transfer and transfer tasks . bert also achieves the best filler score with a 1 . 14 / 1 . 14 overall score . it is clear from table 3 that the fine - tuned bert model has a significant advantage in transfer task performance .
3 presents the true and false results of the hubert target corpus and the rte target corpus . the results are presented in table 3 . mnli and snli significantly outperform the other two methods in terms of bert acc . ( 95 . 40 % and 90 . 60 % ) on both metric , with mnli significantly improving its bert score . snli and mnli further improving its transfer score by 3 . 45 % and 69 . 60 % respectively on the false and true test sets , respectively , with a boost of 2 . 55 % and 3 . 55 % .
models show the impact of bag - of - words features on the auroc scores of the models trained on the multi - news dataset ( table 4 ) . unigrams ( all features ) significantly improve the model ' s performance , with an absolute improvement of 0 . 8 % in auroc score over the baseline . however , the biggest drop is in the precision score for the icd - 9 dataset , which shows the diminishing returns from replacing all features with unigrams . moving onto the abstractions of the model , we also consider the effect of concatenation of the features that are important for the model to improve performance .
performance of our method is presented in table 4 . the best performance is obtained by bert12 - t , which achieves 94 % speedup over the baseline . further improving performance by adding 1x and 1x features improves the mrpc score by 3 . 8 points . finally , the effectiveness of bert6 - pkd is improved by 2 . 6 points .
3 presents the structure task performance of adabert and qqp . the results are presented in table 3 . the best performances are obtained by " abert - mrpc " on the sst - 2 and mrpc datasets , while the rest by " qnli " . the best performance is obtained on the rte dataset , which shows the diminishing returns from using syntactic or semantic information .
5 : the effect of the diminishing returns on productivity loss term is shown in table 5 . it is evident from the large difference in performance between the performance of sst - 2 and qnli that the impact of diminishing returns is less pronounced than the effect of cost - 1 .
4 shows the effect of knowledge loss terms on the rte performance . when we only consider " base - kd " , all models perform better than the others . however , when we consider " l " alone , the effect is still very significant .
experimental results on cmu - mosi are shown in table 1 . sota1 and sota3 show the improvement in performance over the previous best state of the art model , bert , on the f1 ↑ and corr ↑ test sets , respectively . sota2 shows the change in performance of the model from the best to the worst state of art model .
experimental results show that the gaussian mask alone does improve the inference times for the given sentence , however it does not improve the performance for rl model . inference times in ms are measured by the inference time index ( ari ) which shows that using the rl model helps the model predict sentence length and inference times . the accuracy drops significantly with the age of the model ,
3 shows the me score for both sets after which the number of images falls below threshold . the highest score is achieved by the omniglot classifier , which achieves a higher me score than the imagenet classifier . however , the difference between the score of 0 . 1 and 0 . 05 is still significant .
results are shown in table 4 . the best performing model is the blstm model , which achieves 69 . 8 % overall success rate . hotflip also improves the en - de test set by 2 % compared to the previous state of the art model , min - grad .
3 presents the results of the models trained on hotflip and soft - att . the results are presented in table 3 . in particular , we see that the en - de model outperforms the random - based model in both l1 and l2 tasks . the improvement over the baseline is due to the higher quality of the data in the datastore , i . e . the better recall of the original object , the l2 is more accurate , and the improvement over random is less pronounced in theitalic .
3 shows the performance of our method with respect to both the l1 and l2 datasets . we use hotflip and soft - att to improve the l2 performance . the en - de model outperforms all the methods except the one that relies on soft - att . the difference is most prevalent in the corpus of " l2 " and " h " datasets , which are typically linked to in unsupervised settings .
2 shows the degradation of the sacrebleu dataset as a function of the proportion of bitext data that is noised . it is clear from table 2 that 80 % of the instances in the dataset are noised , but less than 50 % are still classified as contained in the original .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . the it . - 2 model outperforms all the other models in the test set by a large margin . when using the original embeddings , a model performs significantly better than the original one on the dev test set .
results are presented in table 3 . the best performance is obtained by using the noisedbt model , which verifies our model ' s performance . the worst performance is achieved by bitext , which shows the diminishing returns from using a pre - trained model . further , the model outperforms noisedbt on average , which underscores the value of data quality .
shown in table 6 , the attention sink ratio on the first and last token and entropy ( at decoder layer 5 ) for the models in table 3 . a is 1 . 01 , averaged over all sentences in newstestest14 . similarly , for entropy , the models are treated as if it were bt ( noised and / or tagged , resp . ) , whereas for noisedbt , it is 3 . 96 .
results are presented in table 4 . we observe that noisedbt significantly outperforms the pre - trained model in all but one of the cases . the difference is most prevalent in avg 13 - 17 , where the trained model is better than the noised model . moving onto the results of concatenation tests , we observe that the accuracy of the decoders is the most consistent across all cases .
results in table 9 show that for both instances of bitext and bt data , there is a significant amount of source - target overlap ( 11 . 4 % ) in the decoding newstest and 10 . 7 % in bt data . this shows that the accuracy of the standard decoding signal for both datasets is relatively high , with an absolute drop of 0 . 9 % in the accuracy from the original decoding .
the distribution of the documents is presented in table i . the largest difference is in the number of samples , followed by the smallest difference in the value of interest .
performance of our method is presented in table 3 . our proposed method outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on every metric by a significant margin . the difference is most prevalent in tf - msm , which achieves a 3 . 03 % overall improvement over the baseline .
3 presents the performance of our conll - 2014 model compared to previous stateof - the - art systems . the results are presented in table 3 . our system outperforms all the state - of - art models in terms of p / e and f0 . 5 scores .
classification labels and distribution per source are shown in table iii . for each source , there is a label corresponding to the type of object possessed by the user ( e . g . antichat , burkhard - keller , et al . , 2017 ) . for hackforums , there are 86 % of complaints about items being sold or used on the forum . this indicates that the presence of items in the forum is a significant part of the reason for complaints .
3 shows the results for each category . table 3 presents the performance of the models on the production and test set . the top - performing model ( fasttext ) is presented in table 3 . all the models except for the one that performs best on the test set are presented in the table 3 .
results in table 1 show that pooling methods yield the best performance . the best performance is obtained by " supervision " on the cls dataset . semantic similarity and syntactic similarity are the most distinctive features of the model , but their performance is lower than those of " entailment " . syntactic similarity and semantic similarity are also distinctive features , but the difference is less pronounced for " intra - regional " .
3 presents the performance of our model on the validation set of the lstm cohen2018 . the results are presented in table 3 . the key metrics for each metric are their p @ 1 and p @ 10 . these metrics are used to improve the generalization ability of wikipassageqa . table 3 compares the results of different models using the same set of metrics . the best performing model is the one using the best - tuned bert embedding .
3 compares the results of our trained model with others . our trained model outperforms all the others in terms of both arman word and peyma word scores .
results in table 1 show that our approach outperforms the best state - of - the - art approaches in both domain and out domain . the results reconfirm that the morphobert model performs well in both domains , with the exception of the one in the out domain setting .
investigate the effect of different classifiers on the score of the medical device and the sports rehab machine on the overall score of each metric . we find that , for all but one of these , the word " host " has a significant impact on the performance . the most striking thing about this analysis is that it is able to distinguish between the two classifiers that are trained on the same dataset . for the two classes , we see that the most prevalent classifier is the language " host " . in both cases , the difference between the score between the true response and the negative response is much smaller . this is reflected in the average error rate of the two sets of test scores for each classifier , which shows that the more sophisticated classifiers are able to learn the task .
table 3 , it can be seen that the performance gap between the average of " wd " and " neural network " models is narrower than that of " wtp " . the results also appear to indicate that the use of word - level network models , when combined with other network features , is a significant improvement over the performance of " g & lstm " on the " n " - level . table 3 also highlights the large difference between average and average between the two types of network models .
table 3 compares the performance of cnn : rand compared to other widely used word embeddings . the results are presented in table 3 . overall , the results are slightly superior than those of " wd " . however , the difference is greater than that of " wtp " .
table 3 presents the results of the best - performing models on the test set of target → system ↓ cnn : the results are presented in table 3 . all features show that the average number of frames per sentence ( mt ) is significantly better than those of " wd " . however , the difference is greater when using " wd " instead of " pe " .
2 shows the accuracy of the nlu models for inference . our hmm model outperforms all the base lines with a margin of 0 . 36 % .
4 shows the informativeness of the answers provided by the provided gui . for example , the average age of the questions provided by ( i . e . , 69 . 7 % ) was 15 . 7 % and the percentage of responses that were appropriate for reading the provided answers was 33 . 3 % . the gui of was able to “ understand ” my questions in a reasonable time ( around 69 . 3 % of the time ) and was comparable to the size of the presented answers in the previous experiment ( a state - of - the - art gui ) . when using the word " agree " in combination with " disagree " and " agree " , the accuracy was comparable with that of " agree " .
table 3 presents the results of unsupervised ir baselines for each domain . the results are presented in table 3 . the results of " unsupervised " and " g & l " baselines , respectively , are slightly superior than those by " sgqa " . however , the difference is greater on the " travel " dataset , which is arguably more related to the " academia " dataset than the " gqa " one .
3 presents the results of thematic ranker evaluation . our model outperforms both the syntactic and thematic rankers in terms of both rnd and ub score . the difference in rnd score between the two rankers is minimal , however it is significant , with an absolute improvement of . 869 over both syntactic rankers and . 927 underlined .
4 : induced hierarchies in most cases , the difference between the true response and the actual response is less pronounced for the agent than for the other two .
5 presents the results of cross - lingual evaluation . our model outperforms the best state - of - the - art models on every metric by a significant margin .
table 3 presents the results of our model on the cosine rank . our model improves upon the previous state - of - the - art on all metrics by 3 . 8 points , though still performing substantially worse than our model .
shown in table 1 , the bilstm has comparable performance to flair when only using fasttext embeddings . however , ub shows significant performance improvement .
table 3 presents the results of bert and context logits . the results are summarized in table 3 . bert logits with handcrafted spans show that the enhanced bert model can significantly improve the results for both text and context .
3 presents the results of the best - performing approaches . the results are presented in table 3 . our proposed method outperforms all the baselines except for the one that it takes to achieve the highest f1 .
4 presents the evaluation results for the kras dataset and the pik3ca test set . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points , though still performing substantially worse than map . the difference between map and ndcg shows that the model has a high correlation with the relevance of the image .
1 presents the features of previous evaluation applications compared to ours ( linspector web ) . as table 1 shows , incorporating all the supporting languages improves the results for both evaluation tasks . as expected , the differences are less pronounced on the offline test set , while the overall effect is larger on the 10 - wst test set .
6 presents the evaluation results . the results are presented in table 6 . most of the widely used generic drugs cause varying margins . however , there are exceptions for some that are more difficult to detect . these include : liposarcoma , glioblastoma , and stomach neop . lapatinib and its variants significantly reduce the margin for error .
1 presents the results of the original and re - adapted models . svm ( original ) improves upon the performance of previous models by . 25 % on average compared to . 27 % on the original data .
2 presents the rmse for both strategies on each corpora with randomly sampled target difficulties . the results are presented in tables 2 and 3 . it can be observed that rmse significantly boosts the size performance for both corpora , while it hurts gutenberg .
3 shows the error rates e ( t ) per text and strategy compared to the standard def score , which deviate significantly from the hard ( inc ) standard size . in addition , the model marked with ∗ deviates significantly from def , as expected .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that framenet significantly outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on all metrics , with lexicon and f1 - mamb having a significant impact .
3 presents the results of our approach . our joint model outperforms all the base methods except for the one that adapts itself to the task at hand . the results are presented in table 3 . the joint model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points on average .
results in table 1 show that fraction of incorrect summaries is relatively high , with an average rouge score of 25 . 52 % and average summary length of 54 . 4 % .
results are presented in table 5 . val and infersent achieve an overall improvement of 2 . 8 % on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art model . table 5 shows that val outperforms both the original and infersent models by a significant margin . the results also show that the value of concatenated opinion scores is high when combined with the quality of the original data .
2 presents the french contraction rules . for lequel , vois ci → vois lequel ( p < 0 . 01 ) and vois là ( p ( cid : 28 ) 3 . 5 ) . in the same manner , auxquelles → auxquels 2 . 5mm reduce the effect of lequel on the relations with the ès .
1 shows the results for the full setup . disjoint dbless and full wbless setup results are presented in table 2 . table 2 presents the results of the models trained on the 2018naaclps dataset . as table 2 shows , the disjoint setup results in the same range as the full set , with the exception of sg .
2 presents the results for both target languages ( spanish and french ) and three methods for inducing bilingual vector spaces in cross - lingual transfer . the results are shown in table 2 . for spanish , the average precision ( ap ) of postle dffn and adv is . 498 , while for french , . 515 .
results in table 3 show that the conll max and average head achieve the best results when using stanford rule - based ranking . peng et al . ( 2012 ) also achieves the best performance with a gap of 3 . 36 points over the previous state of the art .
experiment 3 , random regression , achieves the best performance ( r2 ) on the test set . the results are summarized in table 1 .
iii presents the performance of the different syntactic representations in the ccat10 dataset . pos - cnn significantly outperforms both the pos - han and st - cnn models in both cases . however , the difference is most prevalent on the blogs50 dataset , which is arguably more related to the nature of word embeddings . moreover , the performance gap between the two models is less pronounced on ccat50 than on the other two datasets . this suggests that the syntactic features shared by both models are important for the generation of better semantic representations .
iv presents the performance of our combined models on the ccat10 and blogs50 datasets . syntactic - han models achieve a better performance than the lexical baseline , but on the smaller ccat50 dataset , they perform worse . the results of combined models are broken down in tables iv and vii .
results in table v show that when combined and parallel datasets are used , the accuracy of the same fusion approaches drops significantly .
vi shows the performance of the models for each dataset . the best performance is achieved on the ccat10 dataset , while the worst performance is obtained on the blogs50 dataset . the performance improvement over the baseline cnn - char model is almost entirely due to the higher accuracy of the 3 - gram cnn . syntax - cnn models significantly outperform the svm - affix - punctuation model on both datasets . finally , the performance increase over the base case of the two models is only 2 . 36 points .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 2 . we observe that the svm and lstm models outperform the baseline on all metrics except for the f1 score . in all but one case , the performance improvement is statistically significant even under the strong lemma baseline . the svm model outperforms ns with a significant margin . the ns p score computed using the conditional complementarity ( ns p + lstm ) improves by 3 . 36 points in the standard task formulation .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 2 . the performance of conditional learning models on the validation data is presented in table 1 . after applying the conditional learning method on the ns , the performance of lstm ( which relies on word embeddings ) is significantly better than the svm baseline .
results are presented in table 4 . the best performance obtained by multi − factor learning is obtained by svm with a + v and t + a + v scores of 71 . 5 % and 69 . 6 % respectively , respectively , compared to the previous state of the art .
results are presented in table 3 . the most striking thing about the multi − factor approach is that it achieves high precision without sacrificing too many parameters ( e . g . , a , t + v ) leading to a 62 . 1 % f - score ( table 3 ) . the svm and t + a models achieve remarkably high precision ( 59 . 9 % and 62 . 9 % ) on average compared to randomization , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing features .
results are presented in table 4 . speaker dependent and speaker independent achieve the best results ( 71 . 8 % and 69 . 9 % respectively ) on all test sets , while speaker independent achieves the best f - score ( 60 . 9 % ) .
