3 shows the f1 scores of all models tested on the benchmark datasets . our model outperforms both groschwitz et al . ( 2018 ) and lyu and titov ( 2019 ) in terms of f1 score . the model relies on word id and ood f1 to achieve outstanding results . when combined with cross - domain embeddings , the model achieves a f1 of 3 . 59 and 3 . 66 points over the previous state of the art .
biobert test set is presented in table 4 . the biobert test set consists of three stages : biobernli ( m → s → mednli < caobert dev 80 . 08 % , biobertrt dev 82 . 43 % and bioberbt dev 83 . 29 % . these results show the performance of the models when combined with the minimum number of bert test scores and the number of test sets required to compile the test set . the first stage is bioberta test set , where all models perform well except for those using svm with the highest bert dev score .
2 shows the performance on the a - but - b task as well as the negations on the elmo task . we show that the system can be trained on a variety of syntactic patterns , including the word “ but ” and the number of negations in the sentence . the elmo task is qualitatively very different from the sst2 task , in that the word " but " is used in the distill and the model no - project project is in the abstract .
3 shows the accuracies of the neutral and the non - neutral sentences . fleiss ’ kappa coefficient is computed using various thresholds to compute the inter - annotator agreement ( i . e . the average number of seeds ) on the sst2 dataset , and the percentage of elmo ( low - supervision sentences ) which get marked as neutral .
experimental results on glove are shown in table 4 . both the concept input and the label [ bold ] are significantly better than both the original embeddings ( cf . table 4 ) . the difference between the accuracy of both the official and concept input is minimal . however , the difference is most pronounced on the label , which is more related to the object input .
experimental results on glove are shown in table 4 . the results are presented in table 5 . both the official and abstractions using the concept input methods are significantly better than the output using tf - based embeddings . we notice a noticeable difference in performance between the two scenarios when using the official input methods .
results are shown in table 3 . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . table 3 shows the results for all models except for those using topic_science embeddings . our proposed topic - science topic_wiki outperforms the previous best performing model on every metric . we observe that the topic science topic contains a significant number of errors , leading to a drop in performance .
3 shows the performance of theitalic models on cnn , lstm and glove datasets . we report the results of the best performing models on each of the three datasets . the cnn model has the best performance on both datasets . it has the advantage of having access to hundreds of training examples per label , and is comparable to the best state - of - the - art model on all the datasets .
3 shows the results for iwslt and wmt en - de . as expected , the speedup and de - en speedup are the best performing features on the wmt test set . for example , if only one speedup is achieved on the test set , then the improvement is only 2 . 05 × over the baseline speedup . on the other hand , if all the speedups are done on the same set , fine - tuning is possible .
3 shows the performance of the models using the + 0 dummy node . with the help of ⟨ s ⟩ training data , we can see that the accuracy obtained by using the hidden size of the node is significantly higher than using the full set of training data .
3 stacked bilstm datasets are shown in table 4 . as expected , the training time taken to set up the data augmentation is very slim , but we can see that it is possible to do this in a single shot using the current set of bert metrics .
system performed the best on all 3 datasets . the best performances are obtained on the validation set of kim2014convolutional and kim2016semantic . the system performs on par with the best previous models .
3 bilstm datasets are shown in table 4 . the performance displayed in the lab is in the best - fitting range . the accuracy obtained in the experiments is in range of two seconds , but we can see that the accuracy obtained during experiments is more than twice as fast as the time taken to upload the data . video is the most accurate , but it has the best performance in the realistic settings . we can also see that using bimaxstm in the real - time settings reduces the accuracy of the experiments .
system achieved the best results with a final accuracy of 97 . 55 % . our system outperforms all the state - of - the - art systems in terms of training on both datasets .
3 shows the results on the hidden test set . our system outperforms all the state - of - the - art models in terms of f1 scores .
2 presents the results of the best models on the development set . our model improves the bleu score by 3 . 8 points over the baseline model and outperforms all the other models on dev .
3 presents the results of the best model on development set . our model improves the bleu score by 3 . 8 points over the strong baseline model and upsampling baseline model by 0 . 9 points .
4 shows the diminishing returns from increasing the number of layers in the parse decoder . when training with only one layer , the speedup significantly decreases while marginally impacting bleu ( table 4 ) . increasing the max chunk size ( the max size of the stack decoder ) significantly decreases speedup ( by 3 . 8x ) .
4 shows the human results in the format avg ± sd . when using the human reference as prediction , the results are averaged over multiple human reference sets to obtain the best results . the results are summarized in table 4 . when e2e and human reference are used as prediction as well as the standard webnlg development set , the difference between human and human results is minimal . however , the improvement is significant when using the rouge - l reference as a prediction mechanism .
2 shows the results for english for webnlg word . from left to right we find that all the information we have found is in the word2e embeddings , which shows that the semantic information contained in the content is important to the model ' s performance . linguistic errors are rare in english , but the attention to word content errors is present in all the documents we have tested . for english , the info . added word char . is the most important part of the model performance improvement . it is clear that the importance of word semantic information is important for the model to reproduce the results of its experiments .
investigate the effects of the additional cost term on the e2e human and the corresponding word character in webnlg , we find that the unique word embeddings have a significant impact on the character development in both human and webnlg datasets . the unique words generated by the unique sents reduce the human ' s ability to distinguish between the two entities . however , the difference between the average number of words in the human dataset is not significant , because the human is more likely to learn the word from the original source .
shown in table 7 , the best performing model is c @ n , i . e . it has the highest number of correct texts among the top n hypotheses .
experimental results of our model on gigaword test set with rouge metric . the results are shown in table 1 . our model obtains state - of - the - art oracle performance on a comparison set with a gap of 3 . 5 % in performance between previous supervised methods and our current model .
experimental results of extractive summarization on google data set are summarized in table 2 . the best performing model is contextual match , which improves the f1 score by 3 . 8 points and reduces the compression rate by 0 . 9 points .
extractive rl is presented in table 4 . we show the performance of all models using cat models in relation to abstractive rl . our model achieves the best results with an extractive r2 score of 2 . 36 and 3 . 45 respectively compared to the abstractive baseline . top - of - the - model cat models outperform all the other models in extracting rl , except for the one that cat models perform best .
3 : official evaluation results of the submitted runs on the test set . our system achieves the best results with an ext . of 37 . 4 and multi - task ext . ( mvm ) class .
3 shows the performance obtained by jointly training the two decoders in the target language . in fact , the performance improvement obtained when the token decoder closely follows the ground - truth target syntax ( parsed prediction vs . gold parse ) is comparable to that obtained by training the original parser . parsed prediction and the gold parse translation are comparable in terms of accuracy , but the difference in f1 is much smaller .
models trained on sick - r and trec as decoder . the models using the multi - regressive networks ( msrp ) outperform the traditional neural network models in both semantic and semantic domains . the model using the auto - regressive rnn and semantic rnn as decoders outperforms both the traditional and semantic neural networks . msrp ( acc / f1 ) achieves the best performance with 96 % true response rate while trec 87 . 2 % performs better with 95 % false response rate .
3 shows the specialized features for each decoder type . encoder and sst specialized features are specialized for both semantic and syntactic representation . for the semantic representation of sentence representation , we use sick - r as the decoder type while trec is the part of decoder that performs best . syntactic part - ofspeech representation consists of word embeddings specialized for semantic representation . the specialized part of speech representation is the sentence representation .
2 shows bleu scores for training nmt models with full word and byte pair encoded vocabularies . the models are trained with annealing adam and are averaged over 3 optimizer runs . they outperform the wmt de - en and wmt en - fi in terms of vocabulary size . however , the iwslt model is still significantly worse than the other two models .
model char - cnn syl - avg - a shows the pre - selection results . the model has ≈ 5m parameters and performs well in the test set . however , it has lower performance compared to the other models . this indicates that the modeling limitations are not significant .
table 3 shows the performance of all models trained on the syl - cnn dataset . our model outperforms all the base models except for char - cnn , which is more stable .
5 shows the results of replacing lstm with variational rhn . our rhn - syl - concat model is larger than the original rhn ( by a noticeable margin ) . the difference is less pronounced for ppl .
1 shows the performance of our method . esim has significantly higher performance than transformer on fever one . support accuracy is lower than support accuracy , and transformer has higher performance .
2 : concatenating evidence or not ? we find that both esim and transformer have significantly higher performance on supporting and supporting data than on supporting data .
3 shows the percentage of evidence retrieved from first half of development set from tfidf ( which also applies to embeddings ) that are considered in the development set . the presence of ne - based tags in the framework benefits the model , but it also hurts the model ' s performance .
4 shows the fever score of all systems using ne + film retrieval . the largest performance drop is on development , followed by test .
replication experiment in table 2 we replicate the experiments from 2000 → 2001 . the results are shown in table 2 .
in - vocabulary pairs , including oov and oovov , are the most useful pairs for semantic tasks . they complement each other well in syntactic and semantic pairs .
3 presents the performance of the models trained on the word embeddings . our model outperforms the state - of - the - art models in both semantic and syntactic settings . the results are presented in table 3 . the large difference in performance between the direct and epm models is due to the large size of the semantic overlap . the two approaches converge on the same baseline ( i . e . , the epm model ) with a gap of 3 . 5 points in performance . when using the lτce feature , the model performs better than the other approaches .
are shown in table 4 . all onion and legal onion half - and - half - of - the - articles are completely black , while the rest of the onion is all white .
2 shows the distribution of the wikifiable named entities in a website per domain , with standard error . it is evident from table 2 that there is a significant imbalance in the wikifiable and legal onion datasets , which is caused by the standard error of both methods .
3 presents the results for ukb ( elsewhere ) . the results show that ukb is superior to state - of - the - art ukb models in all but one of the three cases .
2 presents the f1 results for supervised systems on the raganato et al . ( 2017a ) dataset . the results reported in table 2 show that the supervised systems perform well on the sds datasets .
present the results of the multi context sentence in table 3 . apart of the single context sentence , there are also two context sentences in the sentence that are considered in the multi - context sentence . single context sentence is presented in all but one context sentence . we observe that for all but ppr ( w2wnf ) there is a significant drop in performance compared to the previous state of the art .
3 shows the performance of all models using logistic and logistic features . bow + logistic feature - values perform best when combined with tf - idf logistic . however , logistic features are weak on swbd2 , indicating that bow + logistic is better than logistic on a large scale . doc2vec and svm also perform better on smaller datasets .
2 shows the performance of our model on the validation set . syntaxsqlnet achieves the best results with a dev 1 . 8 % and a test 2 . 4 % improvement over the baseline . our model outperforms all the other models with a large number of training examples .
best performing model is syntaxsqlnet . our model outperforms all the approaches except for the one that caters to small - scale training data ( e . g . word2vec , tfnet ) . the difference is most prevalent in medium , hard and extra datasets , which are typically used as training data for edit distance 2 . 2 . however , for both medium and hard datasets , our model performs much better than the previous state - of - the - art models .
3 : exact matching accuracy on development set . semql with attention and semql without copying features achieves the best performance . the results are shown in table 3 . syntaxsqlnet is comparable to semql , but it has the advantage of syntactic matching accuracy . semql and typesqlnet are comparable in performance , but semql is comparable in semantic matching accuracy with the previous state of the art .
3 shows the performance of our classifiers on the fever dev set and on the symmetric test set in the setting of without ( r . w ) . with re - weighted base , the classifiers perform better than the models using base - based weight removal .
3 shows the performance of theitalic model on the training and development tasks . the results are summarized in table 3 . with the exception of the lmi dataset , there is no significant difference in performance between the two sets . the fact that there is one trained member and one unsupervised member of the team is not significant . however , this is not statistically significant because there are no significant differences in the number of trained members and the training time .
3 : exact match ( em ) and span f1 results on squad development set of a newsqa bidaf model baseline vs . one finetuned on a 2 - stage synnet ( snet ) . the results show that the modeling accuracy obtained by finetuning the data is superior to the previous state - of - the - art models .
evaluating the approaches laid out in table 1 , the results are summarized in table 2 . the first set of results show that the human is significantly better than the simulator in all but dataset 1 . the second set shows that the training time is significantly less than the time spent on the simulator . seq2seq ( goal + state ) achieves the best results on both datasets with a significant improvement in the achieved and human % achieving metric compared to the previous set .
5 shows the results for each model with different noun models . all models trained on the proposed noun prep framework outperform the previous models in terms of accuracy . we see that for all models , pos tags reduce the precision of the models with different number of words .
3 presents the results of our final model on the macro - f1 test set . our proposed model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on all three metrics . the results are presented in table 3 .
4 shows the ablation studies results on a newsqa test set finetuned with a 2 - stage synnet . in study a , we vary the number of mini - batches from squad for every batch in the development set . for example , 2 − sent refers to using two sentences before answer span , while all the sentences using the full paragraph refer to using the entire paragraph .
3 shows improvements on the es2en dataset for khresmoi , ethiopia . all - biomed en2es models perform better than en2e models , but are comparable in some cases . we see no advantage to using unsupervised models for both health and bio datasets . we observe that all the models we use perform similarly to each other on both datasets .
es2en and es2es datasets are shown in table 4 . all - biomed models perform similarly to the best en2es models on khresmoi , but do not mimic the results of es2e ensembling . we do not distinguish between these models using the en2e model .
results are shown in table 4 . uniform ensemble ensembling improves the results for all but the case of khresmoi , where the uniform ensemble performs best . all - biomed models perform better than all the ensembles except for the one that performs best in the single - domain setting . the results are presented in table 6 .
5 shows the performance of uniform ensembles and bi with varying smoothing factor . as table 5 shows , adapting to the rapidly changing wmt19 development set can improve the performance for both uniform and bi models . while the uniform ensemble is more stable , the bi model with the smallest variation is still better than the uniform one .
show the bleu scores for both train and escape datasets . the best performance is achieved on the training dataset , which is comparable to the performance of train . the results also show that the model can easily learn from both sets .
3 shows the performance of our model in the multi - class setting . our model outperforms both the uniform and the single - class pe set .
2 shows the bleu scores on the development set of table 2 . processed mt outperforms the base mt model , but gaussian mt performs better than the uniform mt model . this indicates that the performance gain comes from a better understanding of the learning environment .
results are shown in table 4 . as table 4 shows , applying the best performing system can improve the results . we found that using only one example per sentence significantly improves the performance .
3 shows the results for both verb and subject using the same set of features . the hosg model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in both languages . verb npu exhibits the best performance with a f1 - score of 43 . 86 and 69 . 86 on the subject / v verb setting . the results are presented in table 3 .
best performances are obtained on the nmpu dataset . our system outperforms the best - performing lda - frames in terms of f1 score . next , we compare to the strong baselines like noac , grusky et al . ( 2018 ) and hosg ( 2018 ) . the difference is most prevalent in the triadic spectral setting , where the best performance is obtained on nmpu .
french - english performance is presented in table 1 . the best performing models are rr , max f1 , and maxstep . these models outperform both the baseline and the english baseline in terms of f1 score .
4 shows the results for french - english . compared to the baseline , our model performs better than both the baseline and the dualstepstep model . the difference is less pronounced for max and rr , but still significant for max .
shown in table 5 show the entity types and the number of entity types for each entity . table 5 shows the ablation study results from conll2003 , which takes the abstractions from the reuters rcv1 corpus . as these documents are abstractions , they can be seen in tables 5 and 6 . they are presented in combination with other abstractions . these documents are taken from askapatient , which is a forum where consumers can discuss their experiences with medications . the abstractions are shown in tables 6 and 7 .
shown in table 4 show the correlation coefficients between similarity measures and the effectiveness of pretrained models . the tvcc model outperforms the pretrained model in terms of correlation coefficients . the difference between negative correlation and positive correlation is less pronounced for ppl than for tvc .
word vectors glove and word vectors ours have comparable performance to other sophisticated vector embeddings . the best performing word vectors are the lms elmo and wetlab , which are specialized for word vectors specialized in scientific topics . word vectors with different number of parameters are particularly difficult to learn . however , the best results are obtained on word vectors in the large - scale wetlab dataset , which can be seen in table 4 .
scienceie outperforms all the methods except wetlab . the best results are obtained on the 1bwb test set . the results are presented in table 4 . we observe that the scienceie model outperforms both the mimic and scienceie datasets in terms of opt score . the abstractions on the scienceie dataset are formulated using a combination of word embeddings and word2vec topics . these features are used to describe the results of experiments using a single domain . namely , the abstractions generated by the data are referred to as " micro - document " . the name scienceie comes from the latin word for " microdocument " . this refers to the results obtained using the morpho - fitting algorithm , which takes the time to compile . it is clear from the results that there is a need to design more sophisticated models to better interpret the data . these models use a variety of features to improve interpretability . the wetlab dataset is formulated using the best performing clustering algorithm . it exhibits the best performance .
3 shows the effect of deixis on the translation quality of a context - agnostic translation . the largest percentage of these discrepancies are caused by the asymmetric nature of the word embeddings , which can be seen in table 3 .
show the performance on subsets of thyme dev ( in f - measure ) . our model achieves the best performance with a 3 . 3x improvement over the previous state of the art model .
3 presents the results of models trained onempty and sg . the results of these models are presented in table 3 . we observe that , when trained on the original model , the model performs better than any other model using random initialization .
3 shows the ablation study results on 50 fp and 50 fn ( random from test ) in the rc setting . we find that there is a significant imbalance in the effectiveness of rc - sg relations .
2 shows the results for all the models on the three datasets in our experiment . tweets containing the word " n2v " significantly improve over the baseline ( p < 0 . 05 ) and hate speech significantly improve ( p > 0 . 05 ) . hate speech is particularly hate speech , which is much more difficult to detect .
most representative models are en – cs , en – da and en – pt . all these models use the same programming language , but en – ds is more sophisticated . languages in en – it are presented in table 4 . all the languages that use the word " it " have different syntactic or semantic features .
4 shows the types of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation caused by ellipsis
results are shown in table 1 . the bow + logreg model achieves the best results with a f - score of 0 . 012 . with bonferroni correction , the model obtains the best overall performance .
results of the experiments are shown in table 4 . in all but one case , the mirrored similarity ± sd model outperforms the unseen pairings in terms of both cosine similarity and cosine similarity . the unseen pairs perform similarly to the seen pairs , with the exception of wm18 , which performs comparably to the unseen pairings . as shown in the second example , when the mirrored pairs are aligned , the similarity between the pairings decreases significantly .
6 shows the bleu scores for cadec trained with p = 0 . 5 and s - hier - to - 2 . tied . these results are statistically significant over the baseline ( 1 . 5m ) and the 6m baseline ( 6m ) . the difference is statistically significant with p = 0 . 5 . for both baseline and 6m datasets , our model performs better than the concat model .
2 shows the f & c dataset size . we use the subset labels which are inferable by the resource . they represent the original dataset with all the labels . in table 2 , we use the orig orig dataset as a baseline for our model . we label all the instances with the same label .
4 shows the results on the noun comparison datasets . yang et al . ( 2018 ) ( pce lstm ) achieves the best performance with respect to the three - step f & c clean dev dev baseline . on the other hand , doq performs slightly worse than the majority in terms of clean test set .
results on the relative dataset are shown in table 5 . our transfer method surpasss previous work in terms of both accuracy and doq scores .
shown in table 7 , the average number of objects which our proposed median fall into range of the object , given the dimension of our proposed object .
can be seen in table 4 the results of rc19 associated model outperform the previous state of the art pca component table 4 shows the results for each model with different features . from left to right we find that the frequency with which casual particles interacts with causal verbs is the most important part of the conversation . when using the word concreteness as the first person singular pronoun incidence ratio , we estimate 1 . 80 0 . 54 and 1 . 38 3 . 18 respectively compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model . we also observe that for both causal and abstractive pronouns , there is a significant drop in the precision between the two .
results of classification using bert pre - trained models are shown in table 2 . the best performing model is the text body , which improves recall and precision . text body also improves recall , and helps the model generalize .
3 shows the performance of our model in terms of lexical cohesion . our model improves upon the previous stateof - the - art model in all three settings . we observe that when deixis is tested with concat and word embeddings , the model performs better in the latest relevant context .
3 shows the performance of our pre - trained bert model with respect to fake news and satire . compared to the baseline model , the pre - training model obtains the best precision , recall , and f1 scores . note the significant drop in precision from baseline to the mean of our model , as shown in table 3 .
experimental results on aida - b are shown in table 1 . the best performing model is the ment - norm model , which improves the aida - b baseline by 3 . 8 points . however , it performs worse than the unlabeled guorobust model in most cases .
present the results of the second study . our model outperforms the best previous models in terms of aquaint and cross - domain learning on all metrics . in particular , it outperforms guorobust , msnbc , and rel - norm . on the other hand , it has the advantage of training on a larger corpus , and its performance is comparable with that of milne2008 .
3 shows the uar scores of all the models trained on the bilstm dataset . our model achieves the best results with a uar score of 0 . 78 , 0 . 83 and 0 . 94 , respectively , compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the combination of the lstm + att and bi - linkstm metrics ( p < 0 . 01 ) with the exception of the exceptional case of freitag et al . ( 2017 ) , where the machine learning approaches the best performing .
results in table 8 show that precision on ellipsis test set is relatively high compared to baseline model in most cases . the difference in accuracy between baseline model and cadec model is minimal , however we see significant improvement in the concatenation test set . in particular , the asymmetric nature of ellipsis is less striking than in baseline model .
3 shows the uar scores of all the models tested on the test set . for example , we see that the lstm + att model achieves the best results with a uar score of 0 . 45 , 0 . 59 and 0 . 88 , respectively , compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model . the results are presented in table 2 .
evaluation results over the test portion of our dataset are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms the previous work in terms of f1 - measure over 10 replications .
evaluation results in table 2 show that our md models perform well over 10 replications of the training set .
results for the base model utilizing bioelmo as base embeddings showed an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % over the state - of - the - art baseline model . on further adding knowledge graph information , the accuracy rose to 78 . 9 % and on further addition of sentiment information , it rose to 79 . 04 % ( table 1 ) .
results for different probabilities of using corrupted reference at training time are shown in table 9 . for ellipsis , we show inflection / vp scores for 3 context sentences . for the founta et al . ( 2017 ) , we show that the use of corrupted reference bridges bridges the gap between lexical and semantic information . in addition , the fact that the word " idiot " has a lot of semantic information in it makes it easier to interpret . we notice that the number of instances with corrupted reference decreases as the training time increases .
5 shows the accuracy of the traditional classifier in phase 2 given documents from seen classes only . the results are shown in table 5 . our model outperforms both the traditional and the gold - standard classifiers .
orporating elmo improves general performance and ultra - fine f1 scores . however , when we only consider the models using glove w / o augmentation , we observe that , when combined with elmo , the general performance decreases , but this is only due to augmentation .
2 shows the performance of our approach compared to naive augmentation . our model achieves substantial gains over naive neural models ( e . g . , p / r / f1 of 39 . 5 ) and achieves comparable performance to that of the bert model . further , our denoising approach gives substantial gains ( p ≤ . 005 ) over naive auguration , and achieves the best f1 of 35 . 9 .
experimental results on the el & head dataset are presented in table 4 . denoising method f1 gives a 3 . 8 % boost in performance compared to the previous state of the art .
3 presents the results of our models . our model outperforms all the models using elmo w / o augmentation . in particular , it achieves the best results with an accuracy of 57 . 9 % on ma - f1 , while augmentation achieves the highest accuracy .
5 shows the average number of examples added or deleted by the filtering function per example . it shows that the rate at which the examples are discarded by the modeling function is relatively high .
results are shown in table 4 . we trained on a single dataset , ubuntu - v1 , and samsung qa . the results are summarized in table 5 . as expected , the size of the training dataset is small , but the training data is large , with a training data size of 10 , 000 .
3 shows the performance of our distro models compared to previous models using bimpm features . our model outperforms all the base models except for the ubuntu - v1 setup , which obtains the best performance .
3 shows the results for ubuntu and ubuntu - v2 . the results are summarized in table 3 . the lstm models outperform all the other models on both datasets in terms of training quality . the ubuntu dataset is particularly sensitive to the increasing number of training instances , indicating that the training instances are in the deep layers of the network ( e . g . , the recurrent recurrent neural network ( ubuntuv2 ) . the difference between the average training time of the two datasets is statistically significant with respect to the true true response time .
samsung qa 1 in 2r @ 1 and 3 in 10r @ 2 shows the performance of the best performing models using hrde - ltc and samsungqa1 . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the samsung model performs better than the other two models in terms of both accuracy and recall .
3 provides detailed results on the bleu and meteor datasets . the results reported in table 3 show that the proposed iwaqg framework outperforms both the published and unpublished work on all three datasets .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on iwaqg and meteor . the results are presented in table 3 . it can be observed that the accuracy obtained by the models is significantly better than those trained on qg * because the majority of the answers are in english .
4 shows the recall of the interrogative words of the qg module without our interrogative - word classifier zhao et al . ( 2018 ) . we can see from table 4 that the use of the iwaqg module improves the recall by a noticeable margin .
shown in table 6 , the improved performance of our cls model on the interrogative - word test set is evident from the ablation study results .
7 summarizes the results of our interrogative - word classifier . it can be seen that when recall and precision of interrogative words are high , the classifier can improve the task for the target user . when recall is low , precision is high , and when precision is higher , the model can improve its task .
1 shows the results for las and k datasets generated with various γ and k ( low - aligned trees . in the development set , the γ aligned trees tend to be more difficult to solve than those without . however , in the production set , this is mostly due to the fact that the number of trees generated with γaligned trees is relatively small .
results of biocreative vi cpr are shown in table 2 . our model significantly outperforms the existing embeddings ( liu et al . , 2017 ) in terms of f1 score ( p < 0 . 01 ) .
3 shows the results on pgr testest . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in f1 score .
results on semeval task 8 are summarized in table 4 . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in f1 score .
3 shows the performance of our training system on the training data . our system outperforms all the base systems except for cnn , which is more than 50 % better at training .
2 shows the ablation study results with pcnn . we observe that the best performing method is word2vec . compared to standard gcns , we see that pcnn has the best performance .
3 presents the results of our method . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in performance . it outperforms node2vec and path2vec on all three metrics .
results are shown in table 3 . wordnet performs better than vector - based measures in all but one of the comparisons . the difference is most prevalent in semantic sense , where semantic sense is more accurate but still suffers from the effect of word2vec . syntactic sense scores are significantly worse when trained with vectorbased measures .
3 shows the results on a 20 - million token dataset , compared to spearman ’ s ρ × 100 model on a 1 . 7b - token dataset . our method achieves similar results on both vocab and polyglot datasets . the difference in performance is measured as the number of pairs in the word embeddings , and by the average number of tokens in the word embedding set . the results are presented in table 3 .
system evaluation results are presented in table 4 . all the systems using the best feature set are evaluated using the multi - regeneration ( mtr ) set . the system is optimised for multi - regeneration tasks , with the exception of the one using retrieval . the performance of the system with the max number of iterations is minimal compared to the previous state of the art approach .
results for both datasets are shown in table 4 . as can be seen , both datasets use the same number of parameters , making them comparable in terms of performance . however , for the word mimick , the results are slightly worse than both the original and the no - char dataset . we observe that mimick and kk are similar in both datasets , but the difference is less pronounced for the original . with the help of word tags , we can see that the model trained on the mimick is comparable in both setups .
the results for both datasets are shown in table 4 . as can be seen , when using both the word " kk " and the number of matches in the mimick dataset , the performance is significantly better than both the original and the original ones . the results are presented in tables 4 and 5 .
3 shows the results for each language with different embeddings . from left to right , we show the results of our model with char → tag as the reference . as this table shows , all the languages with the least missing embedding are better than the ones with the most missing ones .
are shown in table 4 . the basic human model performance is reported in table 1 . it can be seen that the language modeling approach is comparable to the linguistic modeling approach described in freitag and al - onaizan ( 2016 ) . however , for the linguistic model , the accuracy is significantly higher than the linguistic model , which shows the diminishing returns from using syntactic or semantic information . further , the tily model accuracy is significantly better than the human model accuracy , showing the scalability of syntactic and semantic features .
3 shows the performance of our decoder mrr using the best performing state - of - the - art decoder . our decoder achieves the best performance with a combined p @ 1 and average decoding rate of 73 . 45 % compared to the standard decoder . we also maintain competitive performance with other decoder models using the same number of parameters as our decoder .
results are shown in table 4 . we find that for all three approaches , the average true answer is significantly better than the average false positive human on average . in particular , the linguistic model performs significantly worse than the original one .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on word2vec and glove embeddings . our model outperforms the other models in terms of dobj amod and average amod scores . elmo performs best in both cases , with the exception of the sp - 10k nsubj , where it is better to dobj in the lowstream and in the high - stream settings .
3 shows the results for word2vec models trained on glove embeddings . as can be seen , in all but one of the models , the model embedding model has the best performance . in fact , it outperforms the glove model in noun and verb . in addition , the overall score is better than either glove - embedding or dobj - based embedding .
performance of mwe against language models on the ws task is reported in table 4 . the performance gain from embedding dimension and training time on a single gpu are reported in tables 4 and 5 .
5 shows the performance of different training strategies . as the table shows , the adversarial approach outperforms the base - based approach , meaning that the difference in performance between the two approaches is less pronounced .
3 shows the performance of single transformers trained to convergence on a 1m wat ja - en . as can be seen , the training set size is small , hence the high learning rate for both models is due to the small size of the bpe and the number of iterations required to converge . linearized derivation is the most difficult part of the model to train , and the learning rate is low across all three scenarios ( table 3 ) . in addition , when training with a dual - domain bpe , the model achieves the best performance with a single - domain model .
4 shows the results for all models on ja - en . the best performing model is seq2seq ( 8 - model ensemble ) representation and transformer are the most difficult tasks for the model to solve .
shown in table 5 , the ja - en transformer ensembles show significant improvement on the plain bpe baseline . as can be seen , using bootstrap resampling improves the performance for both models . in addition , the pos / bpe model shows significant improvement in both the size and the number of iterations .
english ensembles are presented in table 4 . we show the results for english and spanish . as expected , the basic model has the best performance , but english is worse than both basic and unk models . this is mostly due to the increased accuracy of the english model in the low - supervision settings . english also suffers from poor ensembling quality , but is better than unk and basic models .
3 shows the performance of all models with different perf metrics . our model outperforms all the base models in terms of performance . the best performances are obtained on udpipe . we observe that the presence of perf metrics in the baseline boosts the performance for all models .
3 shows the perf performance of our model . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both perf and semantic performance .
3 shows the maximum perturbation space size of the sst and ag news test set , which is the maximum number of forward passes per sentence to evaluate in the exhaustive verification set .
3 shows the results for each domain . our ag - char - level model achieves the best results with an accuracy of 91 . 5 % on average . on the oracle dataset , it achieves the highest performance with a boost of 3 . 6 % . with respect to paragraph comprehension , we also observe that combining paragraph comprehension with word augmentation gives a 3 . 4 % boost on accuracy with a drop of 2 . 3 % on accuracy .
no - anonymized models outperform the majority model in terms of f1 score . the results are summarized in table 1 . the summaries displayed in bold represent the results of the models that have been trained on the anonymous domain . they are statistically significant even when theonymized model is used in the production setting . they show that the anonymity - neutralized model can improve the results for both the majority and the atonyms - based model .
observe that the use of many - to - one labeling strategies improves the precision for target languages . it is shown in table 1 that , using 500 clusters or number of languages , the model achieves the best performance .
3 presents the results of the models trained on cipher - avg ensembling . our model achieves the best results on both domains with a 3 . 8 % improvement on the parent language model . the model using cipher - aveng and word embeddings is superior in both languages ,
3 shows the performance over the noun tag , as measured by precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) , and f1 scores . our combined cipher grounder and cipher - avg improves significantly over the supervised tagger .
can be seen in table 4 , the models trained on the gold - aligned uas are comparable in some sense to the ones trained on pascal - vec et al . ( 2016 ) . however , the difference is less pronounced for the fr uas , because the gold aligned uas is more closely aligned with the white aligned ones . this is mostly due to the high precision of the uas decoding algorithm and the small number of errors in the las dataset .
can be seen in table 4 , the models trained on gold - augmented uas are comparable in some sense to those trained on guo . however , for theitalic model , the differences are less pronounced in the uas . our model has the best performance on both sets . on the one hand , it has the worst performance on all three sets .
3 shows the results of all the labels tested . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of f1 score .
3 shows the ablation study results . our proposed system works well , with a two - step training schedule and a one - step validation schedule . the basic concepts are described in table 3 . we use the dataset / language german ( anselm ) and the genre science ( hu ) datasets . as table 3 shows , the training and validation schedule for each language is significantly longer than the others .
3 shows the performance of the model on the dataset eq . when combined with the number of dataset prefixes in the dataset , the results are presented in table 3 . the distinctive features of the distinctive dutch word embeddings are that the model has the best performance across all datasets . the distinctive feature of the " dataset " is the fact that it has the most consistent performance across the three domains . this underscores the extent to which the semantic features captured by the " italic " model can be improved with a reasonable selection of features .
4 shows the results for each case . for the two exceptional cases , we report the mean absolute error ( ρ = 0 ) and spearman ’ s ρ ( σ = 0 ) . for the other two , we observe that our system obtains the best performance with a significant drop in precision .
results in table 3 show that the local edge model outperforms the fixed - tree decoder in all but one of the comparisons . the results in the largescalebox decoder are statistically significant even at the 90 % level compared to the previous best state - of - the - art .
3 presents the results of models trained on unlabeled datasets . our model outperforms the best - performing model in terms of both accuracy and target prediction .
2 shows the results for all models . our model outperforms the other models in terms of both dev and noconceptrule .
3 shows the results for each terminal . the disparity between the best and worst decoding rates is statistically significant , with the exception of the nonterminal one . this indicates that the quality of our decoding method is relatively high , which suggests that our method can easily distinguish between the two environments .
2 shows the distribution of the distributions of the train , dev , and test sets . our model shows that , when trained and tested , the size of the test set is the most important , followed by the number of training instances . interestingly , our model outperforms both the trained and test set in terms of both the happy and sad states .
results are shown in table 4 . the results are summarized in terms of harm . in most cases , harm is caused by high correlation with human judgement . in our particular case , it is observed that the sld model is particularly sensitive to the emotions of the majority of users , and that this is reflected in the average number of harm points in the f1 test set . this is mostly due to the high correlation between the quality of the human judgement and the number of correct responses .
3 : the intrinsic evaluation results . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in alignment f1 score ( on dev . dataset ) by 9 . 6 points .
shown in table 4 , the models using the empty parser outperform the word embeddings in all but one case .
present the results of our single parser and our ensembling on the newswire and newswire ensembles . our single parser is word only , while our ensemble is pos - based . we observe that our ensemble achieves the best results with an ensemble score of 69 . 2 % and 69 . 3 % on the word - only test set , respectively . these results show that word only has a high impact on the ensemble performance of our proposed newswire ensemble .
3 shows the performance of dynsp models . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of pos1 and all .
experimental results are shown in table 1 . the results are summarized in tables 1 and 2 . we observe that the most prevalent type of virus is the protein eq . 9 . our model exhibits the best performance . the model is able to distinguish between the two types of virus .
3 shows the eal scores and f - score for each entity class . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in both entity and entity class settings . the results are shown in table 3 . with the exception of entity class location , the model has the best performance with a 1 . 0 f average and an average of 0 . 93 f over the comparison of conll - 2003 . annotation mode is beneficial for entity class person , but it does not improve significantly with the addition of additional features . this is evident from the fact that the entity class has a lot of syntactic features that are not used in the modeling .
total is 1 , 590 , 885 compared to the original bc . news embeddings . table 1 shows that for both languages , the written news bible and the news web are completely different . for the news bible , we used the word " brief " instead of " news " . the news web is completely gender - neutral , and contains only fragments of information which are used in the production of the news documents . the other two types of information are word - specific and include fragments of the same sentence .
2 shows the confusion matrix for test data classification . as table 2 shows , the predicted sg is significantly larger than the predicted pl , indicating that the model is more accurate in predicting events .
3 shows the results for each language . our agreement is in the notional part , while the other languages are in the non - regional part . we observe that for all languages , there is a significant margin for error in notional agreement . the presence of word2vocabulary in the newswire domain is significant , but not significant . we notice that for both languages , the impact of language - specific features is not statistically significant . for the web domain , we have an agreement that is notional but notional . this highlights the importance of concatenation of the two notional regions . for languages with the most significant impact on the conversation , we maintain a high level of accuracy , both for the language notional and for the web .
3 shows the total number of propositions per type in ampere . as table 3 shows , each type of proposition has its own contribution . the ref is 1 , 786 , while the a is 2 , 786 .
results are shown in table 4 . our model improves upon the strong baseline bilstm - crf - joint by a noticeable margin . on the other hand , it has significantly better performance on crf dataset .
3 presents the results of our model on the relation extraction tasks . our model improves the accuracy by 3 . 0 points on average compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model . lee et al . 2015 also outperforms their model by 3 points in terms of mae and rouge scores . the difference is most prevalent in meantime , when the avg . of factbank is set at 0 . 5 and the average number of seconds is 2 . 3 .
3 shows the results for each metric with different gold - standard and predicted segments . as table 3 shows , when using gold - standard segments , the results are slightly better than eval ( 37 . 28 % ) and quot ( 29 . 45 % ) . however , the difference is less pronounced for svm than for cnn , as shown in table 3 . overall , we find that svm significantly outperforms the svm model in terms of both estimate and actual segments .
shown in table 1 , the encoder type and the number of decoders are the most important features of our model .
2 shows the results on the wmt17 it domain english - german test set . bojar et al . ( 2017 ) and parallelism outperform both mt and spe by a noticeable margin .
representation co - occurrence is a key part of representation matrix and is used in word2vec embeddings . representation matrix is integral to the model design and is a widely used part of vector modeling . representation co - occurs with various colors and forms of representation is important for the model to achieve its best performance . embedding window 2vec cbow improves upon the performance of previous models by 3 . 8 points .
can be seen in table 3 the performance of all the models using the word " bilstm " compared to the baseline . our model obtains the best performance with a weighted average weighted average of 0 . 7 , 0 . 8 and 0 . 9 . the difference is most prevalent in relation to the mean label , where the acl : relcl model performs better than the ccomp model .
1 shows the vocabulary used as external knowledge . our liwc classifier outperforms all the other classifiers in terms of both semantic and syntactic information .
3 presents the results of our model on the validation set of sent17 . our model improves upon the strong baseline by 3 . 8 points in performance when trained on the concatenated test set . this confirms the viability of our method in the future . the improvements are modest but significant , as our model exhibits the best performance on both scv1 and scv2 .
2244 shows the results for the two languages that we chose for our submission . in particular , we ’ ll show the results of the best performing model , ca ( n ) n , on both linear and non - linear mae . as shown in table 6 , if a model had the ability to negated no , the model could significantly improve its results . however , if it had the capability to do both , the results could not be improved .
2 shows the performance of our model compared to crowdsourced metrics . the results are summarized in table 2 . our model outperforms both the global and local metrics in terms of topic - word matching . on the global metric , it achieves the best performance .
3 shows the results for each metric . our model achieves the best results on three out of the four datasets . the largest performance improvement is on the local dataset , where metric switchp embeddings perform best . on the global dataset , we see that our model significantly outperforms the best local model .
3 shows the performance of our system when trained with the frequency - based model in mind . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that for all three datasets , the p @ 01 , p @ 05 and p @ 10 shows the best performances . the difference in performance between frequency and auc is due to the high precision of the model in these datasets .
3 shows the results of our method . the first group shows the best results . loc loc is the most accurate , followed by event is the best .
shown in table 7 show that the presence of an auxiliary or light verb in the uds - ih2 - dev development set is a significant cause of absolute prediction error ( i . e . whether an event or a state is an entity or a statement ) in the development set , and is sometimes accompanied by a negative sentiment . this is evident in the fact that the future event is a question , not an entity .
3 shows the kce score for all models that perform in the low - supervision settings . for example , we observe that in all but one case , there is a significant increase in kce between arrest ( e ) and kill ( f ) compared to the previous state of the art model . in this case , the united states is the worst case .
3 compares the unique and unique tokens of the dkr models with the original self - bleu embeddings . the dkr model outperforms the other models in both ways . the difference is most prevalent in the self - bleu dataset , where the average number of tokens is computed as the unique index and the average number of self - absolute scores are computed as averages .
3 shows the quality metrics of the model generations . for the wt103 and tbc datasets , we sample 1000 sentences from the respective datasets . as the table shows , the clustering quality is measured using an additional language model ( dauphin et al . , 2016 ) . the bert and gpt datasets are larger than the original corpus - bleu dataset , but still comparable in vocabulary .
3 compares the aida - b and msnbc datasets from the 2000s to the present . the results of these models are presented in table 3 . we observe that for all three datasets , the performance on msnbc is significantly better than those on the other two datasets . on the other hand , the results on the two datasets are significantly worse on msnbc , with an absolute improvement of 3 . 6 points over the previous state of the art .
2 shows the f1 scores of our model when it is weakly supervised and fully - supervised . on wikipedia , it achieves the best f1 score . on aida conll dataset , it is slightly better than the weaklysupervised model . however , it has the advantage of training in a more supervised setting .
experimental results on aida conll development set are shown in table 3 . our model improves upon the strong aida - a baseline by 0 . 31 points in f1 score .
4 shows the performance of our model ( empty ) on aida - a . as can be seen , our model performs better than both the original org model and fully - supervised learning .
experimental results on the discontinuous and inuous settings are presented in table 4 . all tokens are considered , and all mwe - based are considered . the proposed epm model outperforms the original concept in both cases . the results are summarized in tables 4 and 5 . the results of the ememty model are outlined in table 6 .
shown in table 9 , the models trained on the l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s model get good predictions on events in uds - ih2 - dev that are xcomp - governed by an infinitival - taking verb . however , for the same model , the results are slightly worse for both models .
3 presents the results of our discontinuous model compared to the baseline model . it can be seen that the h - combined model outperforms the baseline in all aspects , except for the all the discontinianuous ones . however , the difference between baseline and the all - di - based model is not statistically significant , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing the two aspects of the same task .
best baselines are the cola baselines and the mrpc baselines . the mrpc baseline outperforms all the baselines except for the one that is used in single - task . the cola baseline is comparable in performance to random , but it has the advantage of matching the performance of other baselines .
ert and wnli elmo with intermediate task training are presented in table 3 . table 3 shows the performance of all models trained on the instructional task training . the performance of the models with intermediate task training is comparable to that of random elmo . in addition , the number of training instances for each model is significantly less than the previous state of the art model .
most representative models are mnli , qqp ( empty ) and qnsli . all models perform similarly to each other on all metrics except for the cola metric . the models using theempty model outperform the others in terms of cola performance . the model is named after the word " democracy " . the model performs best on both the macro - and micro - qqp datasets .
can be seen in table 1 that the cardinality of the numbers in the table is the most important factor in the model ' s performance . it also affects the frequency with which the objects are set , and the number of objects in the set is the smallest .
3 shows the performance of the only - nummod model for theitalic task . our model ( which contains admin . terr . entity ) outperforms all the other models in terms of both the number of seconds and the f1 scores . the presence of the vanilla in the model affects the model ' s performance negatively when combined with the other features of the model . this is evident from the significant difference in the baseline results between the vanilla and the other two models . when removing the vanilla from the model , the performance decreases significantly .
3 shows the performance of models using cnn as input . our model outperforms all the models using the w2v embeddings except for the one that we included in table 3 .
2 shows the las improvements by cnn and lstm in the iv and oov cases on the development sets . as table 2 shows , in these low - supervision settings , the cnn model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art models .
3 shows the performance scores for different train and test dataset combinations . as table 3 shows , the majority of the training datasets are russian , ukrainian , russian , and ukrai - nian , while the rest are ukrainian .
3 shows the bleu scores of all models trained on gold and silver . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that has the most overlap with neural mrs . all overlap is statistically significant , meaning that neural mrs has the best chance to win all the matches .
3 shows the performance of our approach in terms of the bigram emb size . as the table shows , the size of the emb is the most important factor in the model ' s performance . when the lattice layer is added to the emb size , the model performs better than the lstm layer . adding the layer with the same emb size regularization helps the model to improve its performance .
word baseline outperforms all the other models in terms of f1 score . the most striking thing about the results is that the models usingchar - bichar cnn pre - trained models perform better on the auto seg baseline compared to the model using onlychar lstm . the difference in performance between auto and no seg is due to the high accuracy of the model in the training set .
best performing models are wang et al . ( 2016 ) and che et al . , ( 2017 ) . the results are presented in table 3 . the gold seg model outperforms all the other models in terms of f1 score . the difference is most prevalent in the model word baseline , where models using word baseline perform better than the models using auto seg .
3 presents the results of our model on the word baseline . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of f1 score .
results on resume ner are shown in table 8 . our model outperforms the strong lemma baseline in terms of both f1 score and average ranking .
3 shows the bleu scores for english and estonian . as expected , the monolingual embeddings perform better than the ensembled ones , indicating that the model is more suitable for production use . the results are shown in table 3 . the model performs better in the multi - lingual setting , with the exception of the chrf - 1 . 0 test set .
3 presents the results of our baselines basic and dual - 0 . our baselines are both intuitively superior to each other when trained with only one set of ensembles , namely , \ es .
3 shows the bleu scores of the semantic feature ablation model trained with gold data only . the results of the gold - based model show that there is no advantage to node attr except num , tense , and tense .
3 shows the performance of our baselines basic and dual - 0 compared to sestorain et al . ( 2018 ) . we maintain the best performance across all three baselines , except for the one that we do not use in our final model .
results in table 3 show that our baselines are superior to the previous work distill † on both basic and abstractive tasks .
results on the official iwslt17 multilingual task are summarized in table 4 . our baselines are strong and effective , outperforming all the supervised and unsupervised baselines .
results on our proposed iwslt17 are shown in table 5 . the results on the supervised and unsupervised sets are presented in tables 5 and 6 .
3 shows the results for each model . our model performs better than the previous best model , europarl . the results are shown in table 3 . subtitles give a significant improvement over the strong ensemble ensemble , leading to a better overall result . we maintain the uniformity of our model , although we do not include the ensembling of the models .
3 shows the bleu scores for the bilingual test sets . our model significantly outperforms the contextual baseline in all but one of the cases .
4 shows the bleu scores for en - de bilingual test set . the base model shows a significant drop in performance compared to the previous set , indicating that there is a need to design better ways to learn the language .
3 presents the results of our model on avgsimc and maxsimc experiments . the results are presented in table 3 . the results show that when utdsm is used with a minimum of 300 - dimensions , it achieves the best performance with an absolute improvement of 2 . 6 % over the previous state - of - the - art model .
2 : the bleu scores for domain match experiments are shown in table 2 . the training data consists of training data and training data . brown and brown datasets receive training data at a higher rate than the training data , meaning that training data is more suitable for the task at hand . additionally , training data also contains training data that can be used as part of a multi - task learning regime .
2 shows the performance of multi - class text classification . our system outperforms the best performing systems in terms of precision , recall , and f1score .
3 shows the performance of our model on paraphrase detection task . our model outperforms both the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of precision ( maxcd and avgcd ) and recall ( f1 ) .
2 presents the results of macro f1 - score on snips and atis dataset . the results are presented in table 2 . when msp and lof are used as known intents , the accuracy drops significantly and the percentage of classes treated as known ones increases . these results show that the msp - based method can improve the accuracy with different proportion of classes being detected as unknown ones .
1 shows the al score with and without the truncated average of 2 . 25 for a wait - 3 system . with al as a metric , tracking time - indexed lag ali = gi − i − 1γ when | x | = | y | is added to the baseline for a smooth transition . when al is computed with a fast - forward average , it can be seen that the impact on performance is minimal .
4 shows the bleu scores for evaluating amr and dmrs generators on an amr test set set . amr has the best performance on gold + silver , while dmrs has the worst performance . amr also exhibits a significant drop in performance when training with all the attributes except amrs .
3 shows the results for each domain . multinli matched dev set is divided into three categories : all , complex and all . these are specialized for multinli datasets and are used in experiments set in table 4 .
3 shows the model performance in the context and the output bleu . for both contexts , the model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art models . for the context , the memory - to - context model significantly outperforms the model described in freitag and al - onaizan ( 2016 ) . however , the syntactic patterns that allow the model to learn the context without having to reconfirm itself to the context are still problematic .
results are shown in table 3 . syntactic topconst is the most sophisticated part of the semantic word embeddings . it achieves state - of - the - art performance on all datasets with a minimum of 50 . 0 sentlen and symmetric subjnum at the level of syntactic level . semantic threshold length is 15 . 5 % better than syntactic threshold length and syntactic threshold function is 25 . 0 % better at semantic thresholding . syntantic thresholding is developed using semantic topconst and semantic dialects , which combine syntactic and semantic semantic functions .
3 shows the results for sentiment analysis . our system performs better than all the sentiment analysis methods except for the one that do not use the word embeddings . sentiment analysis sst2 and its relatedness / paraphrase mrpc are both state - of - the - art systems . the sentiment analysis method is specialized enough to handle multiple aspects of the speech sample . it is comparable to the sophisticated semantic analysis done by word2 and word3 . the combination of semantic and semantic analysis methods further improves the predictive performance . syntactic part - ofspeech analysis is qualitatively similar to the semantic analysis approach described in word2 . however , for semantic analysis , there is a slight improvement .
3 shows the performance of 20 - ng models compared to pca . our model outperforms both pca and sst - 5 in terms of f1 score .
shown in table 1 , the pruned cnet shows the best performances . note that the removal of all words from the manual transcripts in the dstc2 development set of different batch asr output types severely affects the model ' s performance . in addition , all hypotheses with scores below 0 . 001 are removed .
results are shown in table 2 . theitalic cnet model performs similarly to the state - of - the - art model in terms of pooling and average pooling . with the exception of the pruning baseline , the model performs significantly worse when weighted pooling compared to the baseline . we notice that the number of iterations using the cnet score threshold is significantly less than the baseline , indicating that the model is optimised to pooling data without pruning its features .
2 shows the dstc2 test set accuracy for 1 - best asr outputs of ten runs with different random seeds in the format of 1000 training examples . as table 2 shows , the system performs well on transcripts , with the exception of live asr . the performance of the system on transcripts is slightly worse than the case on the full set of transcripts .
2 : sentences / clauses after sentence splitting . our system achieves the best results with a total of 31 , 545 words on the training dataset , compared to the previous state of the art system .
data are shown in table 1 . we can see from the table 1 that for all the data that is used for the news commentary dataset , there is one exception : the usage test set , which includes all the documents from the original commentary dataset .
3 shows the performance of all the models using the weighted average number of frames in the macro - attention task . for example , all models using bilstm and h - bilstmatt features outperform the others in terms of f1 scores . in addition , the model with the best performance on each of the three aggregated test sets is significantly better than the model using only weighted average numbers of frames .
3 shows the bleu scores of all models involved in the setup . pseudo - parallel data involved en ∗ → ru , and ru ∗ → en - both in the abstractions and in the real - world setting . as these models involved both the original and pseudoparallel datasets involved the same data in the translation tasks .
3 shows the results on the test set of proto - adv ( cnn ) and proto - lexa ( cnn ) . on both tests , the 5 - way shot performs better than the 1 - shot on both sets . on the 1 . 0 test set , it obtains the best performance on both tests . on both test sets , it achieves the best results .
3 shows the results for both ways . our proposed method outperforms the best previous methods in terms of nota and nota . proto ( cnn ) * achieves a lower nota than proto ( bert ) * but still achieves the best results .
results are shown in table 4 . as table 4 shows , when combined with gold and white - aligned test sets , the results are presented in tables 4 and 5 . for example , wiki / figer ( gold ) achieves the best results with an accuracy of 3 . 8 % on the test set . on the other hand , if we add the gold - aligned set , the accuracy drops significantly . this suggests that the accuracy drop is due to the high accuracy of the gold aligned test sets .
can be seen in table 4 , the system ' s generalization model outperforms the [ italic ] model in terms of both our rec . and our f - 1 scores . on the other hand , theitalic model performs better than the other two models on both datasets indicating that the localization / company model can improve the recall scores for our afet datasets .
are shown in table 4 . the models trained on the is - heavy and is - neigh weights are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) with the exception of is - hard , which shows very high correlation with the human judgement . they are observed to be particularly difficult to detect in the low - supervision settings because the model is trained on is - thin and is highly sensitive to the current state of the art electromagnetic fields .
4 shows the training times and parameters to learn . the training time and the number of parameters to train for is shown in table 4 . as expected , training time is very similar to that of x - bilstm - att , with a training time of 2h 30m . training time and parameters are very similar , with the training time significantly longer than the normal training time . finally , the size of the training set is very small , with training time being less than 2h30m .
can be seen in table 2 that the models trained on the black - aligned av - cos are moredangerous than the white - aligned ones . these models are known to be dangerous in some sense , but are less dangerous in others . they are observed to be particularly noisy in the neigh and full - is - white pairs , so we observe that their performance is in range of between 0 . 85 and 0 . 87 .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the simverb3500 dataset . we see that the model trained on cat models outperforms all the other models except for mturk771 , where it has the advantage of training on both cat and sg models .
most representative models are sst2 , sickr and sicke . the proposed method outperforms all the base methods except for the one proposed for snli . syntactic similarity is the most distinctive feature of all semantic textual similarity models . entailment and classification are the most difficult tasks for models to achieve . however , the best performing models are those that do not rely on semantic similarity . for this reason , we chose to classify all the models into categories except for those that use semantic overlap . these are the ones that are specialized enough to perform well in classifiers . sub - categories as well as classification perform best in all but one of the cases . these models are specialized only for semantic analogy . they are closely related to each other and are comparable in semantic analogy level .
shown in table 2 , the system performs uniformly worse on male pronouns than it does on female pronouns . this shows that the gender imbalance is a significant factor in the selection of sentences , and that the occupation is ≥ 50 % female .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on facts - to - seq w . attention is significantly better than static memory due to the fewer training instances and the higher correlation with rouge - l scores . static memory is more stable , but it has the advantage of training on a larger corpus . the b - 1 scores are higher than those of any other model trained on the static memory dataset .
experimental results on advdat and advdat datasets are presented in table 2 . the results show that both approaches are comparable in difficulty to the strong baselines described in the abstractions .
3 shows the decrease in precision from baseline advdat to baseline baseline . it is clear from the table that there is a significant impact on the performance of the model when we switch from sleeping to driving , as shown in table 3 . the difference in precision between the baseline and the advdat dataset is statistically significant , with a 0 . 9 % percentage decrease in accuracy compared to the baseline baseline ( 0 . 4 , 1 ) and 0 . 3 % decrease from baseline baseline accuracy . with respect to advdat , we observe that the training dataset that relies on the word " clothing " has the greatest impact on prediction performance .
compare our model with other models trained on the same domain . we observe that our model performs better than the other models in terms of both amh and ara , indicating that the model is more suitable for a variety of tasks . our model is comparable in both languages , with the difference being in the ara and the korens . the difference is less pronounced in the amh ( korens ) case , when trained on word embeddings , compared to the previous state - of - the - art model .
2 shows the comparison with existing datasets . our model outperforms the best performing news clusters in terms of event types .
3 shows the distribution of milk ’ s λ with and without mass preservation . it is clear from the table 3 that it is difficult to distinguish between the unpreserved and preserved bleu , which shows the effect of mass preservation on the deen development set . it is possible for milk to obtain a better λ score from mass preservation than from the original embeddings ( see table 3 ) .
3 shows the results for each domain . our dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 compared to other models that do not use the feature - rich schema matching algorithm . from left to right , the odee - fe dataset is qualitatively very different from the other models in terms of matchmaking . with respect to the schema matching dataset , we have found that the quality of the matchmaking data is relatively high , which suggests that there is a need to design a better algorithm for the task .
results in table 5 show that the veraged slot coherence improves with age . the results are shown in the table 5 .
2 : the results for all models are summarized in table 2 . the most representative models are prefer - and mouge - l . all models are significantly better than the others . they have better performance on all three datasets .
system and human are the only ones that perform this task effectively .
5 shows the iteration comparison results . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance .
5 shows the performance of all the models trained on the different titles . all the models used for this analysis had exactly one error according to our system . all models except for the nlp expert had completely one error on each of the four scenarios .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the selected objects . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of s + p scores . all models except for the one that is trained on a single object are statistically significant ( vm + p + i ) with significantly higher precision .
3 shows the performance of all models trained on the selected objects . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of s + p scores . the best performing models are tfn , lbn and tfn .
performance on the mednli task is shown in table 2 . the biobert model trained on three different combinations of pmc and pubmed datasets is comparable in performance to the original embeddings ( table 1 ) . however , the best performance is obtained usingpubmed + pmc ,
results are shown in table 3 . our model improves the bimpm baseline by 3 . 8 points on the rcn test set .
3 shows the performance of our model with different feedforward and feed - forward features . the lstm + feed - forward model outperforms the bert classifier in terms of both accuracy and bert classifier score . as shown in table 3 , using the feed - forward feature increased the accuracy ( by 0 . 01 ) to 0 . 843 . bert features also improved the accuracy by a noticeable margin .
analogies are statistically significant across all models depending on the window position . for example , on simlex999 , there are no significant analogies ( micro - analogies ) at all times ( table 2 ) . on the gw symmetric model , there is no significant difference in the performance . however , the presence of window position does result in a significant drop in analogies across the models .
3 shows the performance across all models with and without cross - sentential contexts . simlex999 is the only model that has exactly one error in every context .
4 shows the performance across all models depending on the removal of stop words . for example , simlex999 has the worst performance , while gw with removal is the best .
shown in table 1 , the pooling method significantly improves the matched validation accuracies . the difference in confidence between the max and average embeddings is statistically significant , with the exception of the exceptional case of burkhard et al . ( 2017 ) . the fact that the presence of unigram embedding character can have a significant impact on the model ' s performance is shown in the mean of each validation run .
esim scores are presented in table 4 . the most distinctive features of cbow are the ellipsis and the inneratt scores . these features distinguish between fiction and non - fiction . they complement the strong lemma baseline of word2vec , but do not improve the overall results . name - of - speech features are particularly difficult to detect . however , the best performing feature is the cross - classifier feature , cbow ' s esim score .
3 shows the performance of fine - tuned models trained with [ bold ] pre - trained models . our model outperforms all the models except for the sst - 2 model , which has the best performance .
shown in table 3 , the comparison points in the literature are tokenized bpe . lee2016 et al . ( 2017 ) outperforms wu2016 and lee2017 by a significant margin .
2 shows the bleu char and sacrebleu char scores of the two models . for example , deen and fien have the best performance , while fien has the worst performance .
4 shows the error counts of 500 randomly sampled examples from the deen test set . for lexical , there is one error count per 1 , 000 examples . this indicates that there is a significant imbalance in the distribution of lexical and semantic choice .
3 shows the bpe size char and bleu scores of all bilstm models using different pooling methods . lee et al . ( 2017 ) and lstm achieve remarkably similar results , comp . 0 . 27 and 0 . 38 , respectively , compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models .
3 shows the performance of the models using wiki and bilstm . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model outperforms all the base lines with a significant improvement in μp and μf1 scores . we observe that wiki + wiki significantly improves the results for all three models .
3 shows the performance of our model on the 2018 midterm elections in the united states . the results are summarized in bold . hansen et al . ( 2018 ) and parallelism ( 2019 ) achieve the best performance .
4 shows the performance of the top 100 predictions by two different annotators . for wikipedia , we see that the use of italics improves the results by 3 . 8 points in the f1 score compared to the original labels .
results are shown in table 3 . the most representative models are the sentistrength and nltk models , which perform well in the neutral and neutral settings .
3 shows the performance of the wordsim and wordsim models compared to the cosine models . we see that the two models perform comparably to each other in terms of word evaluation . the wordsim model , in particular , is better than the other two models . in fact , it is more accurate than both cosine and rg because the word evaluation results are in word evaluation set .
embeddings are shown in table 4 . zh ⇒ en and rnnsearch * achieve state - of - the - art results on all mt03 and mt08 datasets . our model outperforms all the other models using the same set of features . however , on mt04 , our model performs slightly worse than the others on all three datasets . this is mostly due to the high accuracy of the direct bridging feature set .
2 shows the results on the wmt english - german translation task . our model significantly outperforms the vanilla transformer model in terms of both embeddings and bleu ( p < 0 . 05 ) . in fact , the difference between the vanilla model and the two - way model is much smaller .
3 shows the final results on the iwslt { ar , ja , ko , en , emb . } compared to the original embeddings . our model achieves the best results with a bleu score of 48 . 84 % compared to 47 . 4 % for the shared - private model . on the other hand , our model performs slightly worse than the original one . we observe that the variation between emb and shared - private is due to the high number of training instances and the training instances that belong to this class . this is mostly due to small size of the data set ( e . g . the single - domain domain ) .
3 shows the performance of the shared - private model compared to the vanilla model . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the asymmetric scores of the models leading to the best performances are relatively consistent across all metrics , with the exception of the exceptional case of burkhard - keller ( hochreiter et al . , 2017 ) . the asymmetric results of the two models are markedly different across the three scenarios . the first is the case of the mirrored wt model , where the concatenation of the best performing models leads to a better performance . the second scenario is the more realistic one : we see that the shared private model achieves the best performance with a 0 . 9 bleu score and 0 . 3 cours score , which shows that the model is more suitable for the task at hand .
shown in table 2 , the transition between ubuntu and yedda takes a negligible amount of time compared to the time used to set up the tool and identify verbs in a 623 word news article . table 2 shows the comparison of ubuntu and macos .
correlation scores for syntree2vec and word2vec are shown in table 1 . the average number of instances in the comparison set is significantly higher than the average embeddings , i . e . node2vec has 22 instances per label while syntreevec has 15 instances . the difference in performance between syntree - based and semantic vectors is minimal , but it is significant enough to warrant a study in the future .
shown in table 1 , the label descriptions for asnq refer to answer sentence that contains the answer sentence . in this case , we refer to the entity with the highest probability of answering sentence with the correct answer . it can be seen that both the language with the worst answer sentence and the average number of answer sentences are different .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other approaches . comp - agg + lm + lc + tl models outperform all the other models in terms of map scores . however , for roberta - b , the difference is most prevalent in map scores of 3 vs 4 .
3 shows the performance of all models using the same clustering feature . comp - agg + lm + lc models outperform the competition in terms of map and mrr scores .
can be seen in table 4 , the models that do not use noise fine - tuning get a significant drop in performance when the noise is added to the noise level . with this in mind , we can observe that , when noise is removed , the model achieves the best performance with a maximum drop of 3 . 69 % when applying the noise reduction .
6 shows the effect of different labels of asnq on fine - tuning bert . according to wikiqa , neg and pos refers to the performance of question - answer pairs that are chosen for fine - tune . wikiqas map scores are significantly higher than those of non - qa pairs , meaning that the selection process is more accurate and accurate .
shown in table 7 , the models trained on wikiqa are comparable in terms of mrr and map . as the table shows , both supervised and unsupervised qnli models have comparable mrr to each other . however , wikipediaqa is more representative of the two models , with the exception of tanda . while the ftasnq model has the best performance , it does not have the best mrr or map . this is mostly due to the high overlap between supervised and supervised datasets .
3 shows the performance of models using model base and model tanda on the test set . our model achieves the best results with map scores indicating that the model is well - equipped to perform this task .
3 shows the results for each category . as shown in table 3 , the hasdiff model outperforms the has - diff model in terms of both contribution and ic . with the exception of the has_diff model , which has the best performance on both datasets , we have found that having a better understanding of the relation between the two is beneficial for both groups . in particular , having thediff model gives the best result .
results are shown in table 1 . using uniparse improves the generalization performance for eisner ( generic ) and goldberg ( ours ) by a noticeable margin . by comparison , using eisner as a decoder suffers from worst - case performance , as measured by the number of errors in the score matrix .
results in table 3 show that the models trained on our model are superior in every respect to the strong baselines . in particular , our model has the best performance in terms of err . red . on the other hand , we have the worst performance on the baseline form . our 3 . 90 baseline form is slightly worse than our 3 . 93 baseline form , indicating that our model is trained on the strong baseline baseline .
3 shows the performance of the word form similarities , in % of 1 − vmeasure of the clustering . average and median jw cos scores are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) over the 28 datasets , and their average cos rank is significantly higher ( p ( cid : 28 ) .
embedding models outperform the pre - trained embeddings in terms of training performance . in table ii , we show the performance of the cbow models compared to the prior approaches . our model outperforms the competition on both datasets with a significant margin .
performance of our model on the development set is shown in table 3 . the best performance is achieved by using the ϕ correlation coefficient ( ρ � = 0 . 76 ) on the validation set . additionally , our model has the best label accuracy .
shown in table 1 , the number of questions in the training set is significantly higher than the number in the development set . as table 1 shows , when only using one question per claim , the system converts all questions into questions . additionally , the error reduction is much smaller than that of training set ,
performance of the system on the fever dataset is shown in table 2 . the best performing performance is on the development set , where we achieved the best performance with a precision of 87 . 20 % .
results of all models are shown in table 4 . in the abstractive scenario , gap refers to the performance gap between the true test set of sota and the dummy set of bertwikirand , and is applied to both the transductive and ablation scenarios . as the results of the ablation study shows , the size and type of gap are important for both scenarios to converge on the correct test set . however , for the ablation scenario , the gap is only 2 . 5 % which shows the extent to which the model can be de - tuned .
iii compares the performance of pretrained and non - pretrained embeddings . our proposed method outperforms the pretrained method on both datasets ( p < 0 . 01 ) in terms of training performance . pretrained embedding outperforms pretrained , however it is harder to train .
3 shows the performance of models trained on word embeddings . our model performs better than the other models using all the available training data except for the one that is pre - trained . we observe that for all models using permutations , our model performs best when trained on all the documents .
2 shows the performance on non - wikipedia data . for example , the transsupervised model outperforms the unexamined model in terms of entity linking accuracy . on the other hand , it is significantly worse than the transvised model , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing source and target labeled word embeddings . the difference is most prevalent in the tigrinya and oromo datasets , where the difference is statistically significant .
3 shows the performance of our method with respect to entity linking accuracy . the pairs used for training and pivoting are shown in parentheses in the first row . the pairs using the word embeddings perform better than those using graphemes , phonemes or articulatory features .
proportions of correctly answered questions are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the base models in terms of scenario and abstractions . in fact , it is comparable to the best performing model on all three scenarios . for example , on the wikipedia dataset , scenario - based model bert is significantly better than scenario based model rc .
are presented in table 3 . the models trained on fasttext ensembling outperform models trained only on word embeddings . in particular , ame performs better than dsve and fasttext ,
are presented in table 3 . the models trained on fasttext ensembling outperform models trained only on word2vec in terms of both en and out - of - vocabulary metrics . these models outperform both the original models in both languages .
3 shows the performance on the multi30k dataset with different languages with different image recall @ 10 scores . for example , in french , our model has the best performance . in german , it has the worst performance , but all the other languages are better .
4 shows the performance on multi30k dataset with different languages with different embeddings . the model outperforms the ensembling in both languages , i . e . the image recall @ 10 metric has the best performance with different embeddings . in addition , it has the worst performance with ensembles .
non - expert human performance results for a randomly - selected validator per question . table 1 shows that dbidaf outperforms all the state - of - the - art methods in terms of dev and test scores .
3 shows the performance of our model with respect to standardization . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both recall and precision . we observe that when only using multi - factor features , precision r - 1 is relatively high while recall is low .
3 shows the mape scores of bi - lstm w / latent and multi - latent features compared to glove . our model outperforms all the pretrained models except for the one that pretends to be deep . the difference is minimal , however , mape is extremely high when using m1 - latents and m2 - shallow features . syntactic part - ofspeech features are the most important components of mape performance and are the only ones that do not need to be pretrained .
3 shows the performance of our model on the three datasets . our model outperforms all the base systems except for snli , which has the best performance . on the imdb dataset , theitalic model performs better than all the other models except snli . its performance on the snli and bertsdv datasets is significantly better than the model on both imdb and the nli datasets .
3 shows the test set performance on each of the four datasets . our model significantly outperforms the other three models in terms of accuracy . on the three datasets , our model achieves the best performance with a weighted average weighted average rate of 90 . 3 % on each metric , compared to yelp ’ s 2 . 28 % weighted average speed . snli accuracy ( m / mm ) is significantly better than bertbase on all three datasets . when using mnli as input , the model performs better than the ulmfit model on all four datasets except for the one that is used on yelp .
4 shows the effects on fine - tuning the bert - large model . for example , we report test error rates on imdb and ag ’ s news datasets ( table 4 ) . our model obtains higher accuracy on both datasets than our implementation . on the snli dataset , our algorithm obtains a 5 . 42 % improvement over the state - of - the - art model on error rate .
2 presents the results of automatic evaluation with perplexity . our model outperforms both seq2seq and transdg in terms of both high and low precision . on the other hand , it has the advantage of automatic evaluation , which results in significantly better oov score .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other models using entity score . our model outperforms both seq2seq and transdg in terms of both high and low oov score . on the other hand , copynet performs slightly worse than our model , indicating that there is a need to design more sophisticated entity scores .
4 shows the results for seq2seq and transdg . the results are summarized in table 4 . our model obtains the best performance with the bleu scores . it closely matches the performance of the other two models .
human evaluation results are summarized in table 5 . our system outperforms all the base lines except for seq2seq . for example , our system achieves the best performance with a fluency score of 2 . 41 and 1 . 52 respectively compared to the previous best stateof - the - art systems .
results of transdg on the test set are shown in table 7 . as the table shows , when entity and perplexity are combined , the entity score drops significantly . however , this is not the case with entity .
results in table 3 show that our method has the best performance on both datasets when trained and tested . our model outperforms all the previous methods in terms of both training and computation . on the synthetic dataset , our model achieves 87 . 2 % overall improvement on the model , while it achieves 82 . 1 % improvement on model training . these results show that the model can be improved with a reasonable selection of training data and training data .
results of the model in table 1 show that la is more comparable to the greedy search method in terms of beam size . it also improves the model ' s bleu score by 3 points .
shown in table 3 , the average number of words per question and answer is roughly the same , but the difference between the answer and the question is less pronounced .
2 shows the bleu scores of the lstm model trained on the wmt16 multimodal translation dataset . when the length of the target sentences is less than 25 words , the model suffers from the best performance . however , the beam search method is able to improve the model on the entire testing set . these results show that the use of the enhanced look - ahead module does harm the model when the number of sentences in the target vocabulary is longer than 25 .
3 shows the results of applying the la module to the transformer model trained on the wmt14 dataset . it improves the performance when the la time step is 5 . the results are caused by the eos problem in our model .
3 - la outperforms all the other models in terms of γ and γ scores . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the 3 - las outperform the baseline on all metrics except for the γ ones . the two - la models have the best performance on the three metrics . in particular , the results are slightly better than those of the baseline .
3 compares our proposed models with the best current state - of - the - art models . our proposed models outperform the best previous models in terms of both en - de and de - en . as shown in table 3 , the proposed models have significantly better performance on the final set when combined with the pre - trained models . however , the improvements over previous models are still significant .
results on the diva - hisdb dataset are shown in table i . the best performing method is wavelength , which reduces the error by 80 . 7 % and achieves nearly perfect results . compared to the best state - of - the - art method , the proposed method uses only superficial segmentation as pre - processing step .
experimental results shown in table ii show that the method which has the best performance at pixel - level is superior to the state - of - the - art model that runs on the same perfect input . furthermore , the results show that our proposed text - line extraction method has the ground truth of the semantic segmentation at the level of the input .
3 shows the performance of the image captioning networks ( mscoco ) and image - sentence retrieval networks ( evmn ) compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . entities using evmn outperform all the base models except for the one that embeddings referit and etemn with a significant improvement in accuracy .
embeddings for word2vec datasets are shown in table 3 . entities trained on the multi - domain dataset ( mscoco ) achieve the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 3 % f1 on average compared to the baseline model . image - sentence retrieval and image captioning using mascoco bleu - 4 achieves the highest performance with an absolute improvement of 1 . 4 % compared to ame model on flickr30k .
3 shows the results for image captioning butd and phrase grounding on the vqa ban . as shown in table 3 , applying fine - tuning to the task at hand results in significantly better results than the model using metric and image captioning . moreover , the accuracy and precision of applying the features at hand is significantly less than those of using the standalone embeddings . grovle ( w / o multi - task pretraining ) + ft achieves the best results on both datasets .
results are shown in table 4 . the image captioning cider scores achieved by grovle w / o multi - task pretraining and image - sentence retrieval mean recall scores are significantly better than those by grnole ( which relies on word - sentence embeddings ) . as expected , when combining all the pretrained and unsupervised methods , the model achieves the best performance on the three tasks .
3 shows the performance of resource dbidaf compared to other approaches . our model outperforms all the other methods in terms of both seed and seed quality . all the models using the dev - based model perform well in all but one case .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on seq2seq - f and paml . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that for all three models , the threshold for symmetricity is set at 0 . 00 , while for the distinct - 1 set it is 0 . 005 . with respect to thresholding , we observe that the two models perform comparably to each other when trained on the original dataset .
performance of the model on the dataset dnq test set is presented in table 4 . the results of the dbert dataset are shown in table 5 . all the training data are individually trained on the same dataset . from left to right the model performs the best with em and f1 scores as the threshold for each training data set . the results are summarized in table 6 .
4 shows the bleu scores on the validation sets for wikisplit and wikisplit . the model architecture trained on the same data is comparable in performance to that trained on splithalf . however , wikisplit is still better than both source and raw data , which shows that the model architecture can be improved with a reasonable selection of features .
results of manual evaluation are shown in table 6 . our model significantly outperforms both the experimental and unsupported methods in terms of missing and missing sentences .
5 shows the results on the websplit v1 . 0 test set when varying the training data while holding model architecture fixed . our model improves the bleu and sbleu scores considerably over both source and raw word embeddings . wikisplit , on the other hand , suffers from catastrophic overfitting since it relies on syntactic and semantic information extraction . we observe that , when mixing source and source information , the model architecture is the same , but the difference is less pronounced in the raw data set .
2 shows the quality results for local embeddings . as table 2 shows , for embdi embedding , the training data are presented in table 2 . as expected , the average number of embdi walks is significantly worse than the baseline model .
3 shows the performance of all the models using the embdi embeddings . the most distinctive features are the strong lemma baseline ( p ≤ . 005 ) and the strong f1 scores . theitalic model outperforms all the base embdi models except for seep .
4 shows the f - measure results for different deeper models . for all three models , embdi performs unsupervised , while refs performs unsupervised . the results are shown in table 4 .
performance of the model on the dataset dsquad is presented in table 4 . results are presented in tables 4 and 5 . the results are summarized in table 6 . the impact of training with em on the model performance is minimal but significant . the performance gap between training with a single dataset with the same number of training instances is minimal . datasets with a maximum f1 score of 5 . 5 is the most significant performance gap . the approach that dbert is trained on is extremely similar to that of the previous state of the art model , with an absolute improvement of 2 . 6 points over the baseline . adding em features improves the performance by 9 . 9 points on the dataset with a significant improvement of 3 . 0 points over previous stateof - the - art models .
experimental results on a random sample of 1000 sentences are shown in table 4 . the results of the automatic evaluation procedure are broken down in terms of the average true response percentage for each language . our model obtains the best performance with a weighted average response percentage of 0 . 36 % , compared to the strong baseline . the ldsc baseline is significantly better than our model .
human evaluation results are shown in table 6 . the grammaticality and structural simplicity scores are measured using a 1 ( very bad ) to 5 ( very good ) scale . the quality of each sentence is evaluated using a three - step process .
3 compares golbeck2017 with other recent works on hate speech and harassment . the results tabulated in table 3 show that hate speech is much more prevalent in the dblp than it is in davidsonwmw17 , and it is much harder to define hate speech . golbeck 2017 , on the other hand , labels it as abusive , sexist , offensive , abusive , and offensive .
3 shows the performance of our model . our model outperforms all the state - of - the - art models in terms of precision .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on directness and macro - f1 . as can be seen , both models perform better when directness is trained on the macro - f1 , and when macrof1 is tested on other models . the results are summarized in table 3 . the models using directness outperform all the other models using the same number of parameters : the microf1 baseline is significantly better than the other two .
model mtsl outperforms all the other models in terms of both ar and micro - f1 scores . the results are summarized in table 4 . in particular , the difference in ar / f1 score is most pronounced in tweet , where the model macrof1 performs best compared to the baseline model . macromtsl is consistently better than the baseline model lr in both ar / mmo and microf1 metrics .
shown in table 1 show that multilingual bert and the japanese squad score are comparable in terms of f1 and em ( which measures the average overlap between the correct location and the ground truth answer ) . as expected , the japanese em score is significantly worse than the french score .
2 shows the performance of multilingual bert on each of the cross - lingual squad datasets . for example , question en is the one of the most difficult questions to solve , while question jap is the best performing one .
results are shown in table 4 . the top performing models are ucl , unc ( unc ) and ukp - athene ( ucl ) . as expected , all the models had slightly better performance on the fever score .
3 shows the bleu scores on the dgt valid and test sets of our submitted models in all tracks . in particular , mt + nlg shows the greatest performance improvement . constrained yes and no states are rare in our dgt dataset , but they are present in all the test sets as well . mtnlg
6 shows the results for english nlg comparison against state - of - the - art on rotowire - test . wiseman et al . ( 2017 ) apply a set of tokenization fixes to the model outputs ( e . g . , 1 - of - 3 → 1 - of - 3 ) .
results in table 7 show that the nlg model has 3 best players and 4 worst players . as expected , the ablation study shows , when the three best players are combined , the bleu drops significantly .
3 shows the f1 score on the development set for low - resource training setups . we use finetune embeddings from medium and small to transfer the training data over to the large - resource setting . as table 3 shows , neural transfer via small - resource settings is more efficient than neural transfer using large data . neural transfer via large data is less efficient than neural transfer using small data .
4 shows the f1 score for danish ner . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline in all but one of the cases . in particular , it achieves better results on loc and mapmap .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on catseqd in the inspec setting . the results are presented in table 3 . inspec models perform better than the state - of - the - art models in terms of f1 scores . the difference is most prevalent in krapivin , the largest of the three datasets . the performance gap between the two is minimal .
can be seen in table 3 , the models trained on catseqd are able to distinguish between the presence of the true self and the absent self . when trained on the oracle , the absent self is only present in the mae and present avg . # 0 . 005 absent self . on the other hand , when trained on oracle datasets , the absent self is only present in the table 3 shows the average number of instances with which the model can be trained .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on catseq . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the presence of unsupervised models in the datasets is statistically significant even at the 90 % level . absent from the two datasets , we see that the absence of any significant part of the performance is due to the high precision of the rf1 .
model 3 presents the results of the experiments in question . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of both event and absent f1 scores . the results are presented in table 3 . all the models using catseqd as the test set are significantly better than the original model . when the new models are used in the production setting , the performance gap between the original models is minimal .
are shown in table 4 . the results are presented in tables 4 and 5 . they show that , when combined with the correct wordlength , the distinct - 1 and distinct - 2 dictionaries are better than the other two systems . however , the difference is less pronounced for the abstractions , as the average length of the word is shorter than the average for both systems . this is mostly due to the diversity of features in the lexical corpus , as explained in the previous section . our proposed method improves the results for both distinct and distinct datasets .
3 shows the ablation study results . our model achieves unacceptably high precision on all aspects of life , with the exception of the content richness . the results are summarized in table 3 .
results are shown in table 4 . the best performing models are the wmt14 and wmt16 sets , both of which use mmi as the ensembling . the model performs better when nat is used as the context , with a de → en score of 2 . 48 / 1 . 48 and 3 . 53 / 4 . 55 points improvement over the previous state of the art model .
3 shows the performance of different weighting variations evaluated on the transweight dataset . our model outperforms transweight - mat in terms of both q1 and q3 . the difference in performance is most pronounced in the case of cos - d , where transweight is trained on param [ italic ] n + tn2 + n . with respect to transweight , we observe that it performs better on the two datasets when trained on the same param ( n - mat ) .
3 shows the results for english and spanish for both languages . all the word embeddings used for this analysis are shown in table 3 . the number of tokens for each category is reported in tables 3 and 4 . for both languages , there are no significant differences in the results . for english , there is no noticeable difference in performance between adding and removing words from the dataset . for the abstractive part , we use the word " micro - adjective " and " alternative " .
3 shows the performance of our approach on ent - only . our ent - dep0 improves upon the strong baseline by 3 . 8 points in cnn f1 score . the results reconfirm that the approach is superior to previous approaches on cnn .
3 shows the mrr and map scores of all models trained on the same epoch as the test set . when epoch = 3 is used , the models perform better than the other models when epoch = 5 . our model achieves the best results with an average mrr of 3 . 3 . on the other hand , our model performs slightly worse than other models using the three epochs .
3 shows the performance of our approach on ent - only . the results are presented in table 3 . theitalic approach significantly outperforms ent - dep0 on all three datasets . we observe that ent - only is superior in both the predictive performance and the f1 metric .
semantic annotations are shown in table 4 . the results of the best performing method are summarized in table 6 . the two largest embeddings are the ones that have the highest correlation with polarity , while the other ones have low correlation .
3 shows the results for each domain . our associatedmusicalartist has the best results . they have the best overall performance .
results are shown in table 4 . all the test sets are individually labeled while the rest are labeled . the only exceptions are hermann et al . ( 2018 ) and mitchell ( 2018 ) . the abstractions in each set are labeled as ambiguous and framenet 1 . 7 . the monolingual features of the test set are markedly less appealing than those in the abstractions . these features are mostly used to improve the performance of the automatic and abstractive features .
3 shows the performance of bertbase and bertlarge in test set of five datasets . the results are shown in table 3 . our model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of training epochs . the difference is most prevalent in wikiqa , where the training epoch is 3 .
3 shows the performance of models trained on both default and semeval datasets . for i2b2 , manual search and semeval perform best , while semeval performs slightly worse than default .
can be seen in table 2 , the models trained on the original and semeval datasets are comparable in performance to the best performing state - of - the - art models . however , the difference is less pronounced for i2b2 detect , as our model is trained on entity blinding and semantic information instead of the original .
ert detect and bert - tokens detect are state - of - the - art models trained on crcnn and semeval . they do not outperform the naive models in terms of precision . however , on the i2b2 dataset , crcnn detect is comparable with the naive model , while semeval is comparable .
results on iwslt 2017 de → en and kftt 2014 en → de are shown in table 1 . the models trained on these models outperform the softmax and softmax models in terms of bleu score . however , softmax outperforms softmax in both cases .
results for c - lstm models trained with the embeddings on both subtasks are shown in table 6 . the model trained with arxiv embeddings outperforms the cc model in both macro and subtasks . in addition , the subtask model achieves the best f1 score with a 2 . 2 macro f1 and a 3 . 2 micro f1score .
ert and referit test scores are presented in table 4 . the models trained on our model outperform all the other models except for the one that is trained on the referit dataset .
2 shows the performance of the different attention methods for the multimodal features on the unc val set . it is clear from table 2 that the dual attention method significantly improves the performance for the word - pixel pair attention task .
3 shows the performance of our model on iou . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both prec and prec @ 0 . 7 scores . on the iou dataset , we observe that the model performs better than both the rmi - lstm and rcn - cnn due to the higher precision of the model . also , our model has the best performance on both test sets .
3 presents the results of the second metric for theitalic task . our model performs better than the previous state of the art model on both model 1 and model 2 . the results are presented in table 3 .
3 shows the performance of various approaches using swda models . the first set of models outperforms the best performing glove embeddings . however , lee et al . ( 2016 ) and vu ( 2017 ) do not have significant performance improvement on swda due to the high overlap between glosidf and glosvm pre - training set ( e . g . , pascal - vu et al . , 2016 ) . the second set by tran et al . ( 2017 ) achieves the best performance with an absolute improvement of 3 . 6 points over the previous state of the art .
3 shows the performance of all the models tested on one2one dataset . the results are summarized in table 3 . inspec outperforms all the other models in terms of f1 @ k9 while inspec performs slightly worse .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the transformer 80m dataset . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of f @ 5 and average rnn f @ 10 . the model performs best when trained on only one set of training data , namely , the bigrnn dataset . tweets are formulated using the best performing neural network algorithm ( f @ 5 ) and best performing clustering algorithm ( bigrnn ) .
experimental results on the three datasets are shown in table 4 . the results of the best performing model are summarized in table 5 . we observe that the human judgement that interacts with the domain is the most important factor in predicting the effects of a drug overdose . our model exhibits remarkably similar features to the original elmo - lstm - crf - hb ( except for the exceptional case of leukemia ) .
can be seen in table 4 , the results for each domain are shown in table 5 . the first set of results show that the scientific method is well - equipped to handle multiple domains at once . on the diagnosis detection and detection dataset , there is a significant improvement in the precision score over the other two sets .
results are shown in table 4 . the classifier trained on the dialogues and emotionpush datasets is qualitatively very similar to the one trained on friends , but is slightly more sophisticated . in addition , the classifier is trained on dialogues with a maximum number of utterances per dialogues , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing analogues with syntactic and syntactic information . dialues with two inputs are the most difficult to train , because the majority of dialogues are in the abstractions of the word2vec dataset . however , when using the word " n * gga " in the context of the conversation , the difference between expressing the sentiment and expressing the response is less pronounced , but still suggests a need to refine the model to better interpret the responses . we observe that , in some cases , anger is more effective than sadness , but in others , it is better .
1 shows the performance of our model on the validation set of hotelqa in table 1 . our model significantly outperforms the baseline on both validation set .
classification test scores for the br , us , and combined u datasets are shown in table 5 . the average r = u score is 50 % , while the difference between br and us is 70 % . table 5 shows the results of the classifying r vs u in the standard rl dataset . the difference in the score between the baseline and the combined u dataset is significant .
ributhe results are summarized in table 4 . the summaries generated by the embeddings are significantly worse than those by the headsers , indicating that the model performs better when the number of tokens is added to the hash value . however , the difficulties are still relatively high for all models with different hash values . for example , the receipts are slightly worse than the other two but still significantly better than the others .
results in table 3 show that the two types of sync dictionaries are comparable in terms of performance on the compact sync and compact sync datasets . however , the differences are less pronounced for the two sets compared to each other . the differences are mostly due to different number of tokens in the sync box , which affects the performance of both sets when the sync is set to a high degree . in addition , the accuracy of compact sync geth is low compared to that of the other two sets . difficulties are sometimes associated with the fact that the transfer box is small and contains fewer tokens compared to the original sync box . it is clear from table 3 that the differences in performance are caused by the number of concatenated blocks in the mixing box , and that this is due to the high number of parameters used in the model .
compare our proposed model against the transformer - word embeddings in table 1 . for brevity , we can see that the proposed model performs better than the original model on both mt02 and 08 while the performance is slightly worse on the rd . we can see from table 1 that the two models are comparable in terms of number of instances , but the difference is narrower .
ert and task flc f1 scores are presented in table 4 . all - propaganda models outperform all pretrained models in terms of multi - dimensional computation . for example , multi - granularity model achieves the best performance with a f1 score of 60 . 41 / 71 . 03 on the task slc , with a gap of 2 . 36 / 4 . 55 points in the f1 metric .
2 : results on cqa dev - random - split with cos - e used during training . the accuracy of our model is shown in table 2 .
results on cqa v1 . 0 are shown in table 3 . the first experiment using cos - e in the training set ( talmor et al . , 2018 ) achieves an absolute gain of 10 % over the state - of - the - art model .
4 shows the oracle results on a cqa dev - random - split using different variants of cos - e for both training and validation . as shown in table 4 , using only one variant of our cose - open - ended model can significantly improve the results for the validation set . it can also be observed that the use of different variant of the model has a generally positive effect on the model ' s performance .
results for explanation transfer from cqa to out - of - domain swag and sotry cloze tasks are shown in table 6 . the results for both sets show that the transfer method is beneficial for both systems .
istic training on the fa split and testing on the lqn split of redi et al . ( 2019 ) . the results are shown in table 1 . the best performing bert model ( p < 0 . 001 ) consistently achieves the best f1 score with a standard deviation of 0 . 005 compared to 0 . 01 for bert + pu .
the average number of synsets in the training and test set is reported in table 1 . the table 1 shows the properties of the domain , which are measured in terms of the number of basic level concepts and the inter - rater agreement ( κ ) .
2 summarizes the features ranked in descending order of importance . our system obtains the most importance from the above table . we consider all 4 tools individually , and only apply them to music .
3 shows the results for each domain . our model achieves the best results with a 3 . 4 % improvement on the lexical and lexical score .
presented in table 1 show the distribution of the event mentions per pos in the eventi corpus . for each training example , there is one pos per token , which means that training requires a significantly larger corpus than the training example . additionally , training instances consist entirely of event mentions , which shows the diminishing returns from using the negative pronoun .
event mentions per class are shown in table 2 . for eventi , there are two types of training data : perception and state . these data are used to train the event mentions in the eventi corpus . they are trained on a training dataset with a total of 17 , 528 event mentions .
3 presents the results of the most recent models . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all three metrics . in particular , the ilc - itwack model achieves the best results with an f1 - class score of 0 . 863 . on the other hand , the relaxed evaluation outperforms all the other models except for the one that performs best on the rest of the tests .
3 shows the bleu scores of the models trained on the embedding dataset . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both dist - 1 and inter - dist dist - 2 datasets . the model performs better in both cases . the difference in performance between the two is most pronounced in the dist - 3 dataset . embedded embeddings perform better in the interdistdistdist and dist - 4 datasets , but the difference between the performance of both sets is less pronounced .
human judgments for models trained on the dailydialog dataset are shown in table 5 . the best performing model is dialogwae - gmp , which significantly reduces diversity and allows for more diversity to be detected . however , it does not reduce the diversity of the discourse , which shows the competitiveness of informative discourse .
results in table 2 show that our proposed method achieves the highest bleu score ( and the highest fluency score ) for all three aspects . however , it does not achieve significant improvement over the strong baselines .
2 . 1 cosql int . match is set against syntaxsql - con and cd - seq2seq . the results are shown in table 2 . syntaxsq performs well in both matches , with sparc int . matching 2 . 7 cosql ques . match 7 . 2 is the average match length of syntaxmulan - con , while syntaxseq performs poorly in both match length .
results are shown in table 4 . the average precision of all the models is significantly better than the count based p ( x , y ) due to the smaller overlap of the action points . hyperboliccones models use significantly more data compared to count based models , so the difference in precision between the average precision is less pronounced .
results reporting average precision values on the unsupervised hypernym detection task are shown in table 4 . apart of the residual layer and the tanh layer , there are also three other layers utilized in the proposed spon model that can take negative values as well . relu and tanh are completely different from the relu + layer , which takes positive values and can be used as a dual layer .
results on the unsupervised hypernym detection task for bless dataset . with 13 , 089 test instances , the improvement in average precision values obtained by spon as compared against smoothed box model is statistically significant .
2 shows the rouge results on the nyt50 test set . the difference between brevity and fullness is minimal , but significant for ml + rl + intra - attn .
system performs best on the domain specific datasets . table 7 shows the results on the musicmap and music p @ 5 task . domain - specific hypernym discovery tasks are extremely difficult to solve . however , the best performing model is spon ,
shown in table 1 , the trained models outperform the pre - trained models in embedding similarity scores . in particular , the rl greedy model outperforms the pre - trained model in terms of both embedding similarities .
best models are bilstm , sst , and its variants . all the models perform similarly to each other on amazon , but are comparable in terms of roc .
4 shows the performance of our model on the ao score ( kappa ) and observed agreement ( ao ) for gold standard dialogue . the results are summarized in table 4 .
results are shown in table 4 . inception was the most difficult part of the model , while precision was the highest on both datasets . doc2vec was able to regain a lot of accuracy when trained on a single model , but when trained with two models , it was unable to regain the accuracy obtained on the original model .
4 shows the confusion matrix of wikipedia . our model predicts 73 % of the quality classes . it is clear from table 4 that this tendency is prevalent in the production setting .
large - scale text classification data sets are presented in table 1 . for english news categorization , we train 5k participants and then train 10k participants . for sogou news , we categorize our data in terms of four categories . we train 60k participants , which means that our model performs better than the previous state of the art models .
the results of our model are presented in table 4 . table 4 shows that our model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art models on all datasets with a gap of 3 . 5 % in performance between sememnn and b - sememnn . the results on the 10k dataset are in table 6 .
shown in table ii , all pre - trained models average 91 . 06 bleu scores , compared to the baseline . all prefix models show significant over - fitting since pre - training only applies to prefix models .
3 shows the results for ai2 and its pre - trained models . hosseini , et al . ( 2017 ) outperforms all the models except for the one that has the best performance on cc . all the models that do not use ai2 outperform the baseline on all metrics .
1 shows the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of woz 2 . 0 corpus . the proposed hgn outperforms all the base table 1 shows that the slot - independent sumbt has the best joint accuracy and joint accuracy ( p < 0 . 001 ) .
2 shows the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of multiwoz corpus . it can be seen that the gce model performs better than the baseline model on both the validation dataset and the benchmark dataset .
3 shows the numerical results obtained during the validation set . the results displayed in table 3 show that once all the data is injected into the network , transfer filler is able to achieve the best results . as shown in the second set of results , transferring the data from the original corpus qqp to the new one takes a considerable amount of time . transfer role – is the most difficult part of the setup . it is clear from the results of the first set of experiments that the transfer role has to be fine - tuned before the final set can be used . this is evident from the small size of the data set and the high precision with which it is used . we also observe that once the data transfer set is set , the error reduction becomes less pronounced . with respect to transfer role , we also consider the scalability of different feature sets . we use the transfer filler feature , which allows the model to optimise its performance across all domains .
3 shows the finetuning performance of all models using bert . as table 3 shows , all models use the best feature set . the best performing model is the corpus qnli . we can see from the results of all the models that the transfer role is completely different from the original one . transfer role – all the models using the same set of features have achieved the best results on the validation set . however , the fine - tuning technique that is most beneficial to the model is not used in bert ( e . g . , transfer distance with a maximum of 90 . 45 f1 ) as shown in table 3 . the best results obtained using this feature are obtained using the fine - tuned acc . ( 72 . 45 % ) and gain ( 71 . 88 % ) . we also see that once the feature set is added , the model becomes more appealing to users .
3 shows the precision achieved on the test set when hubert is applied to all 3qnli datasets . our model achieves the best results with a 69 . 30 acc . on average compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model . mnli also outperforms all the other models in terms of transfer distance accuracy . with respect to precision , we also need to consider the accuracy of applying the transfer distance function on the same dataset , as this is the most difficult part of the setup to set up .
model auroc scores are shown in table 3 . the results are summarized in the table 3 show that the model contains a significant number of features which help to improve the model ' s performance . these features include : the icd - 9 model contains unigrams , weighted 0 . 001 to 0 . 005 , the primary ccs top - 1 recall is broken down in terms of both features , as these features are not used in the final analysis , their effect on the model is not significant .
3 shows the performance of the models using the best performing finetuning schemes . inference speedup is the most important metric for model performance on two of the four datasets . it is also important to note that the difference in performance between the two models is not statistically significant , mnli has comparable performance with any other model on both datasets , but is significantly worse than both the original method and bert12 - pkd . the results of these models are shown in table 3 . table 3 shows that the evaluation results are consistent across all three models , with the exception of qqp .
3 presents the performance of adabert - mrpc on the two datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . the first set of results show that the two core models are comparable in terms of program performance . however , their performance is slightly worse than the original adabert - mpc model . these results are due to significant over - fitting across all three models .
the effect of the efficiency loss term on model performance is shown in table 5 . as table 5 shows , when the productivity loss term is applied to sst - 2 , the model achieves the best performance with a 3 . 4x β reduction .
4 shows the effect of knowledge loss on model performance . our model outperforms all the base - kd models except for the one that does not use da .
model performance on cmu - mosi is shown in table 1 . the best state of the art models are highlighted in bold and the average number of frames per sentence is highlighted in red . the difference in performance between sota1 , sota2 and sota3 is minimal but significant for δsota , which refers to the change in performance of the model from m - bert to bert . these models are trained on the best , second best , third best and mean of the three state of art models respectively .
in ms is measured in terms of the inference time in table 1 . for example , the groups with the shortest attention span are the ones with the most gaussian mask and rl model . gaussian mask alone shows a performance drop of 2 . 3 % in ms compared to the previous state of the art . inference times in the low - supervision settings are statistically significant ( table 1 ) with a gap of 1 . 3 - 2 . 4 % in attention .
3 shows the me score for some of the images after which it falls below threshold . these images are labeled in table 3 . the results are broken down in terms of number of frames per image . the average me score is 0 . 1 , 0 . 2 and 0 . 3 respectively compared to the imagenet classifier . the scores for both sets are significantly higher than those of the other two .
results are shown in table 4 . with the exception of in - domain training , blstm performs better than all the baselines except for the in - fr setting . in this comparison , the model with the best success rate is significantly worse than the one with the worst success rate .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on hotflip in unsupervised settings . for theitalic model , we use the en - de model developed by jim ( hochreiter and schmidhuber , 1997 ) . the results are presented in table 3 . the corpus is remarkably similar in size and in the number of iterations , with the exception of the lblstm1 cluster , which is more sensitive to noise .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on hotflip in unsupervised settings . for theitalic model , we use the ensembling of word2vec and word3vec . the results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the clustering quality of the two models is relatively high , but the performance on the three models is low .
2 shows the degradation as a function of the proportion of bitext data that is noised . when we noised the data , the percentage of instances that are noised drops significantly .
results in table 3 show that the approach developed by sennrich et al . ( 2017 ) can significantly improve the model ' s performance on the test set when combined with the number of training instances in the set .
5 shows the results on wmt15 enfr using bitext , noisedbt and taggedbt . the results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that the noisedbt model outperforms bitext and has similar performance on previous experiments .
shown in table 6 , the model performs better than the previous approaches on the asr0 baseline and entropy ( at decoder layer 5 ) . the difference is less pronounced for the gold - based noisedbt model , however it is still comparable to the case of p3bt . we observe that the attention sink ratio on the first and last token is relatively high ( p < 0 . 001 ) .
3 shows the results for all models using the noised prefix . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in all but one of the cases . the results are summarized in table 3 .
shown in table 9 , the overlap between bitext and bt data is minimal , but still significant , with a marginal drop of 0 . 3 % compared to the previous year . this indicates that the model can further improve interpretability with a larger corpus .
can be seen in table i the distribution of the extracted documents across the classes of the reuters - 8 . our model significantly outperforms the competition in terms of number of samples and the number of train instances .
can be seen in table 4 , the models performing the best at each stage are described in terms of accuracy . as shown in the table , the msm model achieved an average accuracy of 91 . 23 % , while the other models performed slightly worse . we can also see that the feature binbow significantly improves the performance for the mvb model .
3 shows the performance of our system when combined with the best performing state - of - the - art models . the results are summarized in table 3 . our system outperforms all the models except for the one that performs best in the low - supervision settings . when combined with effective redundancy removal , our system performs better than both the previous models .
iii shows the distribution of the classification labels per source . for example , the hackforums category contains 84 % of the items described in table iii . this indicates that someone wants to buy or bought a product . this explains the high percentage of distribution of these labels .
3 shows the performance of different approaches for adding additional features to the antichat and f1 tasks . we show the results on the hack forums and hack forums datasets . all the mod features cause a significant ( p < 0 . 01 ) drop in performance as compared to the baseline . adding additional features can improve the performance for both mod and the f1 task .
3 shows the performance of syntactic and semantic information . syntactic information is presented in table 3 . the most representative models are entailment and syntactic information . they are qualitatively superior to semantic information in terms of both semantic and syntactic information . the difference is most prevalent in semantic information , where the number of entries in the semantic information corpus is relatively small . however , semantic information is sophisticated enough to handle multiple datasets at once . the text classification system developed by crowdris et al . ( 2018 ) achieves state - of - the - art performance on all three datasets .
3 shows the metrics and p @ 10 scores for each model trained on the snli dataset . our model outperforms the pre - trained bert embeddings and performs better than the state - of - the - art model .
3 shows the results of our trained model with respect to arman word .
1 shows the performance of our model in domain 1 . our morphobert model outperforms all the other models in terms of both domain f1 and domain f2 .
can be seen in table 4 , the basic tasks for each domain are described in terms of terms of procedure . from left to right , all the models have the same score on their term tasks . on the one hand , mouse is the most difficult to beat , while on the other , it is the better performing .
2 compares the performance of our model with other state - of - the - art models on mt and cnn : rand . the results are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms both the original bilstm model and the epm model in terms of network performance .
table 4 shows the performance of our approach compared to other approaches on the word - rand level . our approach outperforms the best approaches on both mt and cnn , but it has the advantage of training on a larger corpus . table 4 compares our approach to the best previous approaches .
table 2 shows the performance of our model compared to other widely used models . our model has the best overall performance and is comparable to the strong lemmatization baseline .
2 shows the performance of our nlu models on the slot detection and slot filling datasets . our model achieves the best performance with an accuracy of 98 . 45 % .
, the gui of my questions was able to “ understand ” my questions in a reasonable time , and the accuracy of the answers provided by the agents was satisfactory .
table 3 , we present the results of unsupervised ir baselines for each category . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model obtains a significant improvement over the strong baselines across all three categories with a gap of 3 . 6 points in the overall score .
3 shows the evaluation results for syntactic and thematic rankers . our model outperforms the syntactic rankers by a significant margin .
4 presents the evaluation results . we empirically found that the hierarchical nature of our agent / recipient relationship is very similar to that of a pre - trained agent , although the difference is less pronounced for both agents .
5 shows the cross - lingual evaluation results . for example , ub significantly outperforms the rnd baseline in terms of de - test , while rnd performs slightly worse .
table 3 shows the performance of our model compared to other widely used models . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both metric rank and feat rank . the results are summarized in table 3 . the best results are obtained on the " bm25 " metric , which shows that our model has superior generalization ability across all three categories .
shown in table 1 , the best performing bilstm model uses fasttext embeddings . the improvement is evident in the human upper bound ( i . e . that the model has the best upper bound ) . however , it is still inferior to flair in macro - f1 scores .
table 2 summarizes our results on the " bold " and " development " datasets . our results are summarized in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other baselines with a significant margin on development .
table 2 presents the results of our second submission . our submission team outperforms both the original submission team and the second submission team by a significant margin .
4 shows the performance of all models with respect to relevance . the best performing model is map , which improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in standardization .
4 shows the performance of previous evaluation applications compared to ours . our approach outperforms both linuqui and dyer ( < ref id = ' bib - bib7 ' > 2014a , p < 0 . 01 ) in terms of number of training instances , the type of epochs and the number of layers used for each task . as table 1 shows , the approach relies on word similarity tasks . our model is more than 50 % better on both the offline and the over - the - top tasks ( table 1 ) .
evaluating the approaches laid out in table 6 , we consider three approaches . the first approach establishes a baseline for future research on the disease domain . it verifies the effectiveness of the drugs in the formulation . it also establishes the baseline for further study on the additional domains .
table 3 summarizes the results for svm ( original ) compared to mlp ( reproduced ) . the results are summarized in table 3 . mlp significantly outperforms svm in terms of original data , with an absolute boost of 10 % compared to original data .
2 shows the performance of rmse for both strategies on each corpora with randomly sampled target difficulties .
3 shows the error rates for each approach that deviate significantly from the previous state of the art model . table 3 shows that for all approaches , the performance is significantly worse when using ∗ as the model .
table 2 shows the results for models using lexicon and f1 - m word embeddings . results are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models with lexicon in terms of both metric metrics .
3 presents the results of our model on eur - attention ( lin et al . , 2017 ) . the results are presented in table 3 . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all metrics with a noticeable margin .
1 shows the fraction of incorrect summaries produced by recent summarization systems on the cnn - dm test set , evaluated on a subset of 100 summaries . as table 1 shows , in most cases the incorrect summaries have higher average summary length and average number of summaries for reference . however , in table 1 we see that the proportion of those summaries that are incorrect is much lower .
results for all models are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models except for infersent , which is more incorporate .
2 shows the french contraction rules . for lequel , the contraction rules apply only to duquel . they apply only on the cases of lequel and duquel , and only apply to cases of armed conflicts .
cerning the disjoint wbless sg , we provide detailed results on the setup . from left to right we provide a full overview of the setup and setup . we show the disjoint sg setup and the full setup on the full bibless gl dataset .
2 shows the results for spanish and french , both target languages and the three methods for inducing bilingual vector spaces . our method achieves the best results with a 3 . 8 % precision improvement over the previous state of the art method .
experimental results on the conll test set are presented in table 4 . the results of the method outperform the stanford rule - based model in terms of both headcount and average number of frames .
shown in table 1 , the quality of the regression model ’ s predictions on the test set is shown in the significant difference between random regression and the mean of the r2 metric .
iii shows the performance of different syntactic representations on the ccat10 dataset . pos - cnn outperforms all the other models in terms of both semantic and syntactic representation . in fact , the best performance is obtained on ccat50 dataset , which is comparable to pos - han . pos - cnn is comparable in syntactic representation , but it has the advantage of training on a larger corpus . this is mostly due to the high accuracy of the semantic representation during training .
iv shows the performance of syntactic and lexical - basedan models compared to syntactic - han models . the results are summarized in table iv . syntactic - based models outperform lexical and syntactic , while lexical ones perform better . lexical features have a higher performance on ccat10 and blogs50 , but syntactic features have similiar performance on lexical / lexical features . the lexical part of the model is more stable , but it has the advantage of using syntactic as well .
shown in table v , the performance of different fusion approaches is markedly different when compared to the original ccat10 setup . this is evident from the large difference in performance between the two sets .
3 - gram cnn outperforms all state - of - the - art models except for the one that performs best in ccat50 . syntax - cnn outperforms svm - affix - punctuation in all but one of the comparisons . the two models that perform best in the ccat10 dataset are the svm and style - han models . they have comparable performance on the three comparisons . however , the difference in performance between the two models is less pronounced on ccat 50 .
3 presents the results of the best performing models . our model outperforms the svm and lstm models in terms of performance . the performance of the c + lstm model is presented in table 3 . the results are presented in the supplementary material . the svm with the best performance on both datasets is statistically significant with a gap of 3 . 5 points in ns performance .
3 presents the performance of the conditional models using the word embeddings . our model outperforms the svm and lstm with a significant margin . the fact that the conditional model has the best performance verifies our selection of the best features . for example , the fact that svm has the worst performance on the three datasets is a significant improvement over the previous state of the art model .
δ [ italic ] multi − modality improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in f - score . however , it does not improve significantly over modality .
δ [ italic ] multi − modality improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points in f - score . however , it does not improve significantly over modality .
3 presents the f - score of our system from the beginning ( t + v ) to the end ( hochreiter et al . , 2018 ) . as expected , features + context are the most important components for improving precision , while features + speaker are the only ones that improve recall .
