the results of experiment 1 are presented in table 1 . we observe that the best performing eds edm model is the f1 . 9 model , which achieves 71 . 2 % f1 improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model .
table 6 , we compare our model with the previous state - of - the - art models on biobert and biobert datasets . the results are summarized in table 6 . our model obtains the best bert dev score and the best aert score . additionally , the difference between the bert and mednli ( m ) scores is minimal but significant . the difference is minimal , however it is significant .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . we observe that the method that distills the documents is better for the model than the one that distill , because the error reduction is less pronounced for the distillers . as can be seen , the elmo model outperforms the other models in both languages in terms of accuracy on both test sets .
the results of the second study are shown in table 4 . flipped sentiment outperforms the baseline on all metrics except for the percentage of negative sentiment that is considered in the context of a neutral / no - project context . the results are broken down in tables 4 and 5 . they show that the language used to describe the no - distill , no - project part of the corpus is more representative of the divided nature of the word " neutral " compared to the sentiment captured in the baseline .
table 6 , we present the results of concept input and label input . the results are presented in table 6 . we present only results for glove and its corresponding entity labels . table 6 shows the results for both categories . as expected , the results are slightly worse for both groups . further , the difference between the average number of tokens for each category is minimal , however we see significant difference . our proposed method outperforms both the original and the disjointed categories .
table 6 , we present the results of concept input and label input for both models . the results are presented in table 6 . glove has the best performance and the worst ranking on both datasets . we additionally included the results for both categories . table 6 shows the results on the test set for both glosve and its derivational set . as expected , the results are slightly worse for both groups . our proposed method outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on all the test sets except for the one that is in the development set .
table 2 , we compare our proposed model with previous work on topic - wiki and topic_al . the results are presented in table 2 . table 2 compares the results of both experiments on the two datasets . the proposed model outperforms both the previous stateof - the - art on all three datasets .
table 17 , we show the full results of our model on the cnn and lstm datasets in table 17 . as expected , the results are slightly distorted , but still comparable to the output of previous models . we also include the full cnn muli - document , which in turn , reduces the number of examples in the output compared to the original ones .
table 2 , we compare the wmt en - de speedup and iwslt en - fi speedup with the previous state - of - the - art speedup . the results are presented in table 2 . as the bleu increases with the number of iterations , the performance drop between the baseline and the new speedup is much lower .
table 6 , we show the performance of our model with two dummy nodes in the hidden size 200 . our model achieved the best results with 82 . 57 acc and 82 . 04 acc on the test set . as expected , the time taken to train with two or more dummy nodes is slightly longer than the average time with one or two dummy node .
table 4 , we can see that the bilstm and lstm have comparable performance in terms of accuracy . however , the difference in accuracy between the two setups is minimal , which shows the scalability of multi - factor multitasking .
table 6 , we compare our model with previous models on semantic and abstractive test sets . the results are presented in table 6 . our model achieved the best results on both datasets with an overall improvement of 51 . 50 % on average compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model .
the results are shown in table 5 . all the models used in this analysis have been trained on bilstm and health datasets . we observed that the accuracy displayed in the last iteration was lower than the previous state of the art model . finally , we observed lower accuracy on some of the videos because there was a larger variation in the training set size .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 2 . our model achieved the best results with a 97 . 28 % on average compared to the previous best stateof - the - art model . the second best model is huang2015 . all the models trained on this data are finetuned to the best accuracy . we also tried using the concatenation of the three sets of documents as inputs . the results are summarized in table 1 .
the results of all the models are shown in table 4 . the best results are obtained on the test set of lample2016 . our model achieves the best results with a f1 - score of 90 . 10 on the single test set and a bert score of 91 . 94 on the multilingual and semantic test set .
the results of rouge - l and pgleu are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the other models on three of the four scenarios . the difference is most pronounced in the bleu metric , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing source and target labeled word .
table 4 , we report bleu and rouge - l on dev . the results are presented in table 4 . our model outperforms both the baseline and the dev - specific models on dev , and on par with the best on output .
the results of max chunk size and speedup are shown in table 4 . we observe that for speedup and speedup , max chunk size and bleu are the only ones that exceed the max number of frames . as shown in the table 4 , reducing the number of missing frames leads to a larger gap between the two datasets . note that for speedup and multitasking , max chunk size is only 1 . 8 × that of speedup .
table 6 , we observe that for the word analogy task , bleu and rouge - l show lower performance than e2e and human , indicating that the model is able to distinguish between the human and non - human states .
3 shows the results for e2e word and the content errors for webnlg word . as the results of info . added information is shown in table 3 , the accuracy drop between 0 . 0 and 0 . 9 indicates that the information . added info . value has a significant impact on the model performance . however , the drop of accuracy is still significant , at 2 . 9 times the rate of content errors .
table 6 , we show the e2e word character from the original nlg word embeddings to the now - discovered word e2e character . the difference between the e3e word and the original word is small , but significant . we find that the differences between the two languages are mostly due to the number of unique words in the vocabulary , not the type of character that can be seen in the unclassified documents .
table 7 , we show the results of reranker evaluation for 10 random test instances of a word - based model trained with synthetic word embeddings . the results are summarized in table 7 . we observe that rerankers significantly increase the recall of generated texts compared to the original ones .
the results of contextual match and rl are presented in table 2 . our proposed method outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of r1 , r2 and r3 . however , the performance drop is still significant on rl , with the exception of the performance of lee et al . ( 2018 ) which shows the diminishing returns from mixing contextual and rl .
experimental results of extractive summarization on google data set are shown in table 2 . contextual match significantly improves the f1 score and cr by 0 . 38 .
table 2 , we show the extractive r1 scores of our model using cat models as the top - level finetuning agent . the results are presented in table 2 . we observe that the cat model with the highest f1 score outperforms the other models using different classifiers in extractingive rl . however , the difference between extractive and extractive rl is less pronounced for the model with cat models , as expected , the accuracy drop from the previous state of the art model is much lower than extractive ,
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 2 . first , we observe that for all but one of the classifiers , the mv classifier performs best . ext . and 2 ext . are the only ones that perform better than the 1 . 1 class . these results show that the two classifiers are comparable in some cases . however , for theitalic class , we see that the performance drop is small but significant .
3 shows the performance obtained by jointly training the two decoders . predicted parse vs . gold parse ( joint ) shows that the ground - truth target language can improve the translation quality of the predicted chunk sequences , while the accuracy obtained by the gold parsing is slightly lower . exact match comparisons show that the precision obtained by training the same token decoder can improve significantly .
3 shows the decoder performance of auto - regressive rnn as decoder and decoder . the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 3 . we use sick - r , sop - e , and trec ( acc / f1 ) as decoders , while teacher - forcing is used for decoder as well . finally , we use the msrp - f1 model as a decoder , it achieves the best results with 82 . 6 % accuracy on average compared to 0 . 51 / 0 . 50 on the best msrp model .
specialized forms of sentence representation are presented in table 2 . sentence representation is presented in word - level representation . encoder dim gives a 1200 representation , while sick - e gives a 1600 representation . the specialized forms represent sentences with a maximum sentence of two years . the specialized part of the sentence representation is referred to as the " sentence representation " .
table 6 , we compare our proposed wmt en - fi and bpe 32k models with the original words 50k models on the wmt domain . words 50k and word - lebanoff datasets are comparable in performance on three of the four benchmarks , but on the other three benchmarks , words 50k is comparable to the original bpe and has been shown to be more accurate on all the benchmarks .
table 2 , we show the performance of our model with respect to the syl - cnn dataset . it improves over the baselines of pgpl and cnn - cnn , but it is still inferior than model char - cnn . our model improves performance over the other baselines . it gets a slight improvement on ppl and symmetric cnn , but still outperforms pgpl by a noticeable margin .
table 2 , we show the performance of our model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . it can be seen that our model performs better than both the original char - cnn and syl - sum models in terms of both performance on the fr and epm metric .
table 5 , we compare our lstm with variational rhn . the results are presented in table 5 . the difference in performance between the two models is less pronounced for the sgns , but larger for the other two models .
table 1 , we show the effect of adding titles to premises . as can be seen , all the methods that esim has on fever one and on title one are comparable on claim accuracy , but transformer is slightly worse .
table five , we compare esim on fever title one and title five oracle , and transformer on title five . the results are presented in tables five and six . as these tables show , transformer has significantly higher performance on the title five and six oracle datasets compared to the previous state - of - the - art models on both the fever and title six datasets .
table 3 , the percentage of evidence retrieved from the first half of development set is reported in table 3 . entire articles in tfidf are considered as a significant part of the evaluation set , constituting 73 . 8 % of the evidence retrieved and constituting 90 . 2 % of all the supporting documents . also , the number of documents considered as supporting documents increased by 2 . 6 % in the second half .
table 4 shows the fever score of various systems for development and development . the first set of results shows that the ne + film retrieval method is comparable to the best state - of - the - art fmever title one and development set .
table 2 , we report the performance @ 1 and @ 10 on the isolated example experiment , respectively , compared to the original ones . we observe that the difference between the two sets is minimal , i . e . , that the current set contains only fragments of information that are relevant to the current experiment , and that the fragments contained in the original set are fragments of data .
the results of all in - vocabulary pairs are shown in table 5 . all pairs , including oov , are used for the tasks described in section 5 . the results are presented in terms of up - to - now pairs and oov pairs are used in pairs with the same name . in addition , oov and eov also appear in the documents for the invocabulary tasks as well .
table 3 , we show the impact of indirect and non - indirect modes on model performance . we observe that for both direct and indirect modes , the performance of our model is significantly better than those of the l2rtl model . the difference is most pronounced when we switch from the direct mode to the non - indirect mode .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . we observe that for all but one of the items , all onion is considered , while the rest is considered as part of the data . the results are summarized in tables 1 and 2 . all onion and all onion are displayed in the table , except for the percentage of all onion that is considered .
table 2 shows the percentage of wikifiable named entities in a website per domain , with standard error . illegal onion , on the other hand , is 48 . 5 % wikifiable and 50 . 8 % legal onion . the difference between these two groups is significant , which shows that the quality of the named entities is relatively high , which indicates that there is a need to design more complicated ways to classify these entities .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . all models except chaplot and sakajhutdinov ( 2018 ) appear to have comparable performance on s3 and s13 . however , we notice that ukb is slightly worse on s13 than in all but one of the other cases .
the results of our final model are summarized in table 7 . all models outperform the state - of - the - art on three of the four scenarios .
table 6 , we present the results of the single context sentence and the multi context sentence . we present results on s2 , s13 , and s15 . the results are summarized in table 6 . our model obtains the best performance across all three context sentences . single context sentence is slightly better than ppr_w2w , but still comparable to the performance of all the other models .
the results of logistic and bow models are shown in table 2 . logistic models outperform bow and swbd2 on every metric , tf - idf + logistic model achieves a comparable performance with logistic . swbd even outperforms ngram and logistic on average .
the results of our model with different attention metrics are shown in table 5 . our model outperforms all the other models with a gap of 4 . 1 % in dev . the results also show that the attention metrics used in our model are comparable with the seq2seq model , showing that the model has a high correlation with the human judgement level .
the results of the extra and hard approaches are shown in table 4 . syntaxsqlnet performs significantly better when compared to bert - trained models . the results are presented in tables 4 and 5 . bert models outperform both bert and ( bert ) in both difficulty and average number of iterations . the difference between easy and hard is less pronounced for bert , but still suggests a need to consider the impact of syntactic and semantic information redundancy redundancy redundancy removal . we notice a slight margin brought by the addition of ewc - based clustering features for models that perform well in the low - to - medium range .
the results of our semql model on the semql and typesql datasets are shown in table 27 . semql with attention and semql features reduce performance , but do not improve over syntactic or semantic features , which shows the competitiveness of syntactic and semantic features . semql without copying shows a slight drop , but is comparable with semql .
3 shows the accuracy on the fever dev set and on the symmetric test set in the setting of without ( base ) and with ( r . w ) re - weighted base .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . all the models trained on the united states dataset have at least one member of the development team . with the exception of the lmi , we observe that the number of members of the development team is relatively small . we observe that for all but one of the models , the quality of the data is very low .
3 shows the performance of our newsqa model compared to the squad development set . the results are presented in tables 3 . we finetuned the data generated by a 2 - stage synnet ( snet ) with a gap of 10 . 5 % in f1 score compared to [ italic ] mnewsqa .
table 1 , we compare the approaches laid out in table 1 . our model achieves the best results on both datasets . the difference is most prevalent on dataset 1 , where the human is more likely to reach the highest achieved goal , while the other two are more difficult to reach .
the results of the ablation study are shown in table 4 . we observe that for each sub - category , pos tags have the highest percentage of en ⇒ fr , indicating that the model is able to distinguish between conversational and non - specific pronouns .
table 3 , we present a and a scores as the best performing models for semeval and macro - f1 . the results are presented in table 3 . our approach achieves the best results with a and bias metrics , respectively , while a performs slightly worse than the other methods .
table 4 , we show that for all models with k = 0 , em and f1 scores drop significantly ( p < 0 . 01 ) , while for those using [ empty ] aner , em is still higher ( p > 0 . 001 ) .
table 6 we apply the best adaptive decoding scheme , es2en bio , to models fine - tuned to mimic the realistic scenario of noreg no - reg en2es . all - biomed models outperform the baseline on all but health and bio , with an overall improvement of 3 . 6 points over the baseline .
table 6 we apply the best performing en2es model to health → all - biomed and es2en bio . we observe that these models perform better than all the other models using the biomed approach . the results are summarized in table 6 . our model achieves the best results with an overall improvement on both the health and bio tests . all the models tested on the same set of documents are comparable in performance to the best baseline .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . all - biomed models perform better than the news model in all but one of the scenarios . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . we observe significant performance drop for all but news , especially in cases where the embeddings are used in combination with the de2en test set . the improvements are small but consistent , and we note that we consider them as an alternative to the current state of the art news model for some of the table 1 shows that the proposed approaches are beneficial for both datasets . however , the performance drop is small and consistent across all tests , with the exception of cochrane .
the results of bi on en2de and de2de are shown in table 4 . bi with 0 . 5 and 0 . 1 individually improves the results for both uniform ensembles and en2e . however , the improvement is only statistically significant on the single - domain dataset , i . e . , the uniform ensemble is more uniform ,
table 1 , we report the bleu scores of our data set from escape ( which can be seen in table 1 ) . the performance of our model compared to the previous stateof - the - art model on both datasets is reported in tables 1 and 2 .
table 3 , we report the performance of our model with different pe as pe and bleu as pe models . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 .
table 2 , we report bleu scores on the development set of x5 and ensemble x5 . the model outperforms both the uniform baseline and the gaussian baseline on both sets . finally , we also observe that the enhanced model outperform the model using only plain averaged word embeddings , which shows that the translation quality of a model can be improved with a reasonable selection of features .
table 2 , we report the accuracy of our proposed system on the diversity diversity distinct subset . our proposed system obtains a significant improvement in accuracy over the baselines , and it achieves the best result on the diversity pinc subset . however , it is unable to replicate the results of the original examples because the time taken to compile the data is different for each category .
table 6 , we show the ablation results for npu and object on the test set of watset . the results are presented in table 6 . with the exception of the exceptional case of npu , both the model and the object are able to distinguish between the true and false states of the bi - verb dataset . the model that relies on the semantic features of the wi - fi network achieves the best results with a f1 score of 57 . 08 and 58 . 86 on the testing set . finally , for object we observe that the presence of the word " nopu " in the setup documents indicates that the model is well - equipped to handle the task of training objects .
table 6 , we can see that the best performing models are the lda - frames and triadic spectral approaches , which result in better f1 scores than the noac baseline . also , we notice that the triadic spectral approach , which relies on word embeddings , has lower f1 score than those using ldaframes . finally , the performance of the hosg approach is comparable to that of noac .
table 1 , we report the performance of max f1 and max f2step on the test set of hotpotqa in french - english , compared to english - language performance . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 .
table 4 , we report the performance of max f1 and max f2step on the 11 - point iap test set and compare against the best performing french - english models . the results are summarized in tables 4 and 5 .
table 5 , the ablation study results on the reuters rcv1 corpus . results are presented in tables 5 and 6 . the entity types and the number of entities in each entity are shown in table 5 . as these entities are described in the abstract , they have different structure and function , and the entity type of each entity is described in terms of entity type .
4 shows the correlation coefficients between similarity measures and effectiveness of pretrained models . it can be observed that the tvc embeddings have higher correlation with the wvvv model than the ppl ones .
table 6 , we compare our proposed word vectors with existing word vectors from the same domain . the results are presented in table 6 . word vectors using glove embeddings outperform the alternatives in terms of performance on word vectors in both languages . the difference in performance between the original word vectors and the original ones is minimal , however it is significant . we also compare the results of our proposed lms with other widely used word vectors .
the results are shown in table 7 . the best performing models are scienceie , wetlab , mimic and wetlab . they achieve the best results on three out of the four scenarios . the def score on pubmed is significantly lower than that on scienceie . the wetlab model outperforms all the other methods except mimic . however , the results are still slightly worse than those on pubmed . these results are mostly due to high variation in the number of frames of reference .
table 3 , it can be observed that different speaker / addressee gender balance in context - agnostic translation caused by deixis ( excluding anaphora ) . this discrepancy is caused by a significant drop in the translation frequency of the same speaker , which can be seen in table 3 . further , the imbalance can be further aggravated by the presence of different pronouns at the same frequency ,
table 6 , we compare our sg - based initializations with the sg fixed counterparts . we observe that for the 500 - 500 - 500 example , we only need to consider the sg - specific initializations .
table 6 , we present results on the test set of the best clinical tempeval and wordeval datasets . results are presented in table 6 . with specialized resources : the results show that the best performing model performs better than both the best and worst performing models .
3 shows the error analysis on 50 fp and 50 fn ( random from rc + sg ) as shown in table 3 , using cross - clause relations ( sg fixed ) and cross - truth relations ( tcr ) reduces the number of instances in ground - truth dataset from 50 to 50 . frequent arguments are rare in rc dataset , but rare in sg - based network .
table 6 , we can see that hate speech and hate speech are particularly difficult to detect in plain language . the first group of words that are particularly hate speech is the ling + n2v classifier . the second group is the hate speech category . the frequency and repetition of these words are the most difficult ones to detect .
table 2 , we compare our models with the original en models from en – ad and en – lad . we choose to compare them with the current state of the art en – da model , which we base our model on . the results are presented in tables 2 and 3 . these models use 306 , 380 examples as the number of sents for each language .
table 4 , it can be seen that 69 % of the translation errors caused by ellipsis are caused by the wrong morphological form of the verb , constituting a gap of more than 20 % of translation errors .
the results are shown in table 1 . the best performances are obtained by applying bonferroni correction on sst - 2 dev set . we observe that the bert model outperforms the bow + logreg model in predicting negative class probabilities for sentences with female nouns and male nouns . however , the difference between the mean of predicted positive class probabilities and the actual number of negative classifiers is very small .
table 2 , we show the cosine similarity and cosine similarity of the two datasets with the exception of the one with the unseen pairings where we see that there are no unseen pairs in the dataset that are similar in some sense to the seen pairings . as shown in the table , the combination of unseen and unseen pairs results in the best performing cosine similarity ± sd and the average number of pairings in the ensembling set .
table 6 , the bleu scores for cadec trained with p = 0 . 5 and s - hier - to - 2 . tied baseline are statistically significantly worse than those for concat , indicating that the training set is more sensitive to a variety of features .
shown in table 2 , all labels represent the original dataset , while the subset labels represent the raw content . we only consider orig f & c and subset labels , as these are the only classes which are inferable by the resource .
the results of the second study are shown in table 2 . we observe that , when the majority of distance - based models are tested on the 10 - and 10 - distance datasets , the f & c clean dev achieves the best results . however , the results are slightly worse for the majority and the new data dev , which results in a drop of more than 10 % in performance .
table 5 , we present the results on the relative dataset . our model achieves the best performance with a gap of 0 . 8 % in accuracy compared to previous work .
can be seen in table 7 , the accuracy of our proposed median drop from 0 . 61 to 0 . 69 for each dimension , given the number of objects in the proposed median .
the results of the second study are shown in table 5 . we empirically found that the presence of the word " hypernymy " in the first person singular pronoun incidence is significantly associated with the number of words in the sentence , which means that there is a need to consider the features of hypernymy in the context of the conversation . as can be seen , the frequency of instances with which the word is contained in the paragraph is significantly higher than those without . the rates of concatenation are very low on the pca component ( table 5 ) .
results of classification using bert pre - trained models . the results are shown in table 2 . text body only slightly outperforms headline and full text body , showing the advantage of pre - training . however , the drop in precision between text body and headline proves significant . note that the text body only appears in the most frequently used part of the documents , indicating that the model is trained well on the fake news corpus .
table 3 , we show the results for the second and third sets of tests . our model achieves the best results with a 3 . 8 % improvement over the baseline in both cases .
3 shows the performance of our pre - trained bert model compared to the baseline on the fake news and satire set . the results are summarized in table 3 . precision , recall , and f1 show significant performance differences with the baseline . we report the mean precision , recall , and average f1 scores using the multinomial naive bayes method .
table 1 , we show the f1 scores on aida - b ( test set ) and its roc scores on k16 - 1059 . it can be observed that the ment - norm baseline outperforms all the base models except for the one that relies on word embeddings . also , the presence of unlabeled pads in the aida - b dataset indicates that the model is able to adapt to a variety of conversational contexts .
table 6 , we show the performance of our model compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models on the msnbc and wiki datasets . the results are summarized in table 6 . our model outperforms both the previous stateof - art methods on all metrics . the difference is most prevalent on the cnn dataset , where the d11 - 1072 model performs better than the p11 - 1138 model .
the results of our model are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on every metric when it comes to both ρ and ea .
results shown in table 8 show that precision on ellipsis test set is relatively high compared to other models that rely on concatenated word embeddings .
the results of our model are shown in table 8 . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of both ρ and ea . on the other hand , the results are slightly worse for bilstm ,
performance of our models with the same hyper parameters is shown in table 1 . this work mean f1 - measure consistently shows that joint1 and joint2 are better than the joint2 baseline .
performance of our models compared to previous work on the test dataset . we report accuracies over 10 replications of the training . note that previous work considerably outperforms our model in terms of accuracy .
shown in table 1 , the base models utilizing bioelmo as base embeddings achieve an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % and 1 . 36 % over the performance of glove . further adding knowledge graph information also improves the accuracy of the baseline model . we observe that the use of kg + sentiment improves the generalization ability of the model .
the results of bleu and ellipsis are shown in table 2 . in all but one case , when the number of frames is less than 0 , the error is less pronounced in the second case . in both cases , the difference between the p = 0 . 25 and p = 0 . 25 indicates that the system is able to distinguish between the two sets of features .
5 shows the accuracy of the traditional classifier in phase 2 given documents from seen classes only . we can also see that it has a significant impact on the performance of our model by reducing the dependency on seen classes and increasing the accuracy by 50 % .
table 6 , we report the results of augmentation and fine - tuning . our model achieves the best performance with a gap of 3 . 6 points in the overall score , while augmentation achieves the same level of performance . however , when we only augmentation , the gap between accuracy and augmentation drops significantly . we observe that the enhanced lemma baseline , when combined with the augmentation of existing documents , is a significant improvement .
table 2 , we report the performance of our model with respect to augmentation and cross - entropy . our model outperforms all the methods with a gap of 3 . 5 points in f1 score . the results are presented in table 2 . our model with elmo as the augmentation layer achieves better results than those without .
3 presents the results of denoising method . our model outperforms all the traditional baselines with a gap of 2 . 5 points in el & head f1 score . the results reconfirm that the lemma baseline , when combined with effective topic clustering , is a strong baseline for future research on topics with high correlation with human judgement .
table 6 , we show the results of our model with elmo as the augmentation agent . our model achieves the best results with an accuracy of 69 . 9 % on the ma - f1 test set , and a comparable performance on the elmo dataset with filter & relabel .
5 shows the average number of examples added or deleted by the filtering function per example . it can be seen that the el models are slightly better than the other three models .
table 5 , we compare our approach with the previous state - of - the - art ubuntu - v1 model . we compare against the samples train , which contains 1m messages and 10m messages . the results are presented in table 5 . the total number of messages in the dataset is 15 . 05 m , compared to the 17 . 53 m of messages by ubuntu . our approach is comparable to the original ubuntu , but requires a larger corpus to train .
table 2 , we show the results of models trained on ubuntu - v1 1 in 2r @ 1 and 10r @ 2 , compared to tf - idf , cnn , lstm and cnn . the results are summarized in table 2 . our model achieves the best results with a final improvement of 0 . 861 on average compared to the previous state of the art model .
table 5 , we show the results of the best models trained on ubuntu - v2 1 in 2r @ 1 and 10r @ 2 , and trained on cnn - v2 . the results are summarized in table 5 . the average rnn score is 0 . 861 ± 0 . 001 , compared to the previous best results of 0 . 701 and 0 . 864 . rnn shows a slight improvement over the baseline on two of the four scenarios .
the results of our models are shown in table 1 . we observe that tf - idf performs better than the samsung qa 1 in 2r @ 1 and the other models trained on the same training set . tf - idf performs slightly better than tf - ltc in both cases , however it is inferior in the final cases .
table 2 , we present the results of our proposed model on the bleu - 2 and paralleu datasets . the results are presented in table 2 . the proposed model outperforms both published and unpublished work on three of the four datasets .
table 4 , we show the results for bleu - 1 , only qg * and only rouge - l . these results show that 60 % of the answers identified by the models are actually answers to questions that are already known to the user . also , the percentage of responses that are answers that are 60 % or more is lower than those by 70 % .
table 6 , we show the results of experiments which show that when only qg * was present in the lab , all other models were able to reproduce the results . it can also be observed that for some models that had access to the original documents , the accuracy was only 58 . 42 % , but for others , it was only 69 . 42 % . we can also see that when access to original documents was obtained from the original source ( qg * et al . , 2017 ) , it was able to obtain a full answer ( 71 . 42 % ) and a partial answer ( 69 . 42 % ) . however , we can ' t see any difference in the results which shows that these methods are strictly superior to original ones .
table 6 , it can be observed that our interrogative word classifier improves the performance for both models by a significant margin .
table 7 , it can be seen that our interrogative word classifier can improve the precision for interrogative words when the accuracy is high , and when precision is low .
the results of the best performing model are shown in table 5 . our model ( italic ) k + 2 outperforms the best stateof - the - art las model on three of the four datasets . in fact , we have seen that our model has higher correlation with the environment , with the exception of the case of node , where the correlation between las and the conn . ratio ( % ) is lower than the others .
table 2 , we report the f1 score of our method with 1000 bootstrap tests on the biocreative vi cpr dataset . the results are presented in tables 2 and 3 .
table 3 , we report the f1 score of our method with 1000 bootstrap tests and the kbesteisnerps test set . the results are presented in tables 3 .
table 4 , we report the f1 score of our model ( zhang et al . , 2018b ) on semeval2010 task 8 testest . the results are presented in tables 4 and 5 .
table 6 , we show the performance of our model with different training instances for different languages . for example , we trained on cnn with bold all the training instances trained on the cnn dataset are 10 . 5 % better on average compared to the previous stateof - the - art cnn .
table 6 , we show the results of multi - factor count ( matt ) on the test set for english and french . as expected , the results are slightly worse for both languages . matt - based gcns outperform both hier and w / o gcns ,
table 9 , we compare our method with the best state - of - the - art path2vec model on the lch and wup datasets . the results are summarized in table 9 . our method outperforms the best - performing ones on both datasets .
table 15 , we compare the results of the random sense and vector - based measures . we observe that the best performing model is the lch ( path2vec ) model , while the worst performing senseval3 is the word2vec model .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . our model achieves the best results on all datasets with a gap of 10 . 5 % in performance on polyglot compared to the original varembed embeddings . we also observe that our model has better interpretability in the multi - vocabulary setting .
table 6 , the results of system retrieval on the baseline and len - based baseline are shown in table 6 . all systems trained on the set are comparable in terms of bleu , mtr , len - leu and the percentage of error in the combined set of test sets for each of the three languages . system retrieveval is comparable with the best state - of - the - art approach on the fmead test set ( see table 6 ) . the best results are obtained using the multi - reguli et al . ( 2018 ) approach , which verifies the effectiveness of a model .
the results of experiment 1 are presented in table 1 . we show that for both datasets , we trained kk and kk as models , with the model trained on the psg network . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . with the exception of the case of mimick , where kk is trained as a model , both models are able to achieve the same level of performance .
table 2 , we show the results for both datasets . we show that for kk and kkk , we trained both models at the same time , with the model trained on the word " democracy " . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . the results of the second study are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms the previous state of the art model in both cases .
the results of using the word tags with missing embeddings are shown in table 3 . we also show that for english , we have obtained a significant improvement in the accuracy of our model with an oov ( ud ) score of 0 . 41 , 3 . 8 % and 4 . 5 % respectively compared to the previous state of the art model .
the results of the linguistic model perplexity and tily model accuracy tests are shown in table 3 . the results show that the language - based approach that interacts with the flat bicycle tyres in the most diverse settings is superior to the one that relies on a flat bicycle tyre . further , the results are slightly worse than those of grocery shopping , although the difference is less pronounced for tily model accuracy . finally , the difference between the accuracy of the two sets of test sets is narrower than that of the other two baselines .
the results of our decoder mrr are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . our decoder p @ 1 shows significant performance improvement over the previous state - of - the - art approach .
the results of interceptual training are shown in table 2 . the average error human of the two scenarios is significantly lower than that of the original model ( p < 0 . 001 ) . the difference is most prevalent in the baselines , where recency and syntactic features are the most prevalent . we find that the cost of training the human is relatively low , with a gap of 2 . 5 % in the cost to train the human .
the results of our approach are shown in table 9 . our proposed method outperforms glove and word2vec in both aspects of the test set , although the difference is narrower in the downstream setting , it has higher correlation with the sp - 10k model , in the low - supervision setting . similarly , for the high - adaptive setting , word1vec performs slightly better than the average on both test set . we observe that the d - embeddings model is more accurate in low - vision settings than the word4vec model .
table 2 , we show the results of our d - embedding model compared to glove embedding . in particular , we observe that the two embeddings have the greatest effect on noun and verb performance .
table 4 compares the performance of our mwe model against the language models using the same training set .
table 5 , the performance of different training strategies compared to the baseline is shown in table 5 . as the comparison shows , using only one type of optimization consistently improves the overall ws by 0 . 5 points compared to 0 . 8 points using the baseline .
2 shows the learning rate of different derivation models compared to plain bpe on the test set . as expected , the number of iterations for each derivation model drops significantly as the training set grows , as shown in table 2 , using only one iteration of the plain bpe pre - dates the model significantly improving learning rate and the bleu learning rate as well . the results of replacing the original bpe with a new bpe is very similar , with a drop of 0 . 2 compared to the previous state of the art . we also observe that incorporating the two features of the same bpe once a year boosts learning rate considerably .
table 9 , we show the bleu ( normalized derivation vs . linearized embeddings ) on the test set of wat17 . our model outperforms both the models in both representation and representation , as can be seen , the seq2seq model achieves a significant improvement in both the representation / derivation and the integral bpe scores , respectively , compared to transformer . transformer , on the other hand , performs slightly worse in the two - model setup . we observe that the differences between the two approaches are minimal , but significant , in our opinion , due to the small size of the data set and the high overlap between modeling sets .
table 5 , we show an improvement on the plain bpe baseline shown in table 4 . with the help of bootstrap resampling , we can further improve the image quality with our ja - en transformer ensembles ( see table 5 ) . as expected , the difference in image quality between the two sets is minimal , but we see significant improvement on both the bleu and internal representation .
table 6 , we show the results for english and spanish , compared to english , both for the original and the language - adapted embeddings . as expected , the difference between basic and english is less pronounced for spanish , but it is larger for english , since the cost of data augmentation is lower .
the results of our model are presented in table 7 . our model outperforms all the models on both spmrl and udpipe baseline in terms of perf and roc metrics . we observe that the model performs better on both datasets when the perf and yap scores are considered , indicating that the underlying model is more effective in predicting user behavior .
the results of " - expansion " compared to - vowels are presented in table 4 . we observe that the model performs better than the other models in terms of both perf and roc metrics .
shown in table 3 , the maximum number of forward passes per sentence in the sst and ag news test set is 15 .
table 6 , it can be seen that the adversarial level gives a slight improvement over the strong baselines ofarial and non - adversarial level . however , the improvement is only modest on the standard level , which shows the bias of adversarial discourse .
table 6 , we report the results of theonymization study on the two datasets in table 6 . it can be observed that the monolingualized models perform better than the alternative models , indicating that theonymized models are more accurate in predicting the events . however , the difference between the accuracy of majority and majority datasets is less pronounced for the non - anonymized model .
table 6 , we show the results for both languages for grammatical and linguistic cues . we observe that for all but one of the languages we observe , the accuracy is lower for the other two languages .
table 6 , we show the results of experiments using the best conversational features available on the web . our model outperforms the best - performing models in terms of both language adaptation and precision .
table 3 , we report the f1 scores of all models with the exception of the case of cipher - avg , in which all models trained on the model are better than the en - trained model .
table 6 , we show the results of our model on the gold and silver uas datasets . the results are presented in table 6 . it is clear that all the information in the system are in the best state of the art , and gold is comparable .
the results of our model are presented in table vii . our model obtains the best performance on all three uas datasets . it closely matches the performance of the other models on the fr and fr datasets . however , it is less clear whether guo or guo are good or bad for the model .
the results of the final analysis are shown in table 7 . all labels except for the one labeled with bigru - att are statistically significant , meaning that the model performs better overall than the previous state - of - the - art on all labels . when we only consider the labels with one label , we observe that bow - svm performs worse overall compared to the other models that use the same word embeddings .
table 6 , we compare our proposed system with the original german - language dea dataset from the same year . our proposed system verifies the accuracy of the dea dataset across all languages , with a gap of 10 . 5 % in accuracy from the original source .
table 6 , we compare our model with the previous stateof - the - art on all dataset datasets except for the one that belong to the " italic " category . identity and max - domain dataset have the highest performance on both datasets , with an overall improvement of 2 . 36 points on the metric compared to the previous best performance . we also compare the performance of both the baseline and the max - dataset for each of the subtasks . identity is better than the other baseline , but it is still inferior to the best performance of the baseline .
table 4 , we show the mae and spearman ’ s scores for case importance and the ranking of the most important objects according to these factors . the difference between the averages is statistically significant for both cases , with the exception of bow - svr , whose ranking is significantly higher .
table 2 , we compare our model with previous state - of - the - art models on the largescalebox and fixed - tree datasets . the results are summarized in table 2 . the results of the best - performing model , k & g edge , are shown in bold . as shown in the table 2 , the model with the best results on both datasets is better than the one without the projective decoder .
table 7 , we show the results of unlabeled and unlabeled tweets for all datasets except for those that are used in the directed and unlabeled settings . the results are summarized in table 7 . our proposed system outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets .
table 2 , we show the results of our method on the test set of noconceptrule in table 2 . it can be seen that our proposed method obtains a significant improvement in performance over the traditional model .
the results of the best - performing model are shown in table 3 . the disparity between the baseline and the best performing model is statistically significant , i . e . , that the model has a 1st best chance of decoding the messages , which explains why the drop in performance is significant .
table 2 , we show the distribution of train , dev , and test set according to the expected size of the set , and the percentage of angry and sad labels , respectively . for train , we see that it is easier to identify the emotions of the users when they are happy , while for the sad ones we see a drop of 4 . 44 % . similarly , for test set containing 2605 objects , our model has seen a reduction of 2 . 48 % compared to the previous state of the art .
the results of our experiment are shown in table 4 . we observe that , when we add the words " happy " and " sad " to the mean of our averaged f1 scores , we get exactly the same results as the average of all the other models .
3 shows the intrinsic evaluation results . our model improves upon the performance of jamr by 9 . 8 % in translation f1 and by 3 . 6 % in alignment f1 .
4 shows the results for word , pos , ner , dep parsing on the newswire and newswire datasets . our aligner achieves the best results , while the word aligner performs the worst .
table 6 , we show the results of our single parser on word , pos and our ensemble aligner . we show that word , pos only outperforms our jamr aligner and our aligner , respectively , in the production setting .
table 3 , we show the performance of our system on the pos1 and pos2 variants of dynsp . our system outperforms all the models except for dynsp ,
the results of experiment 6 are shown in table 6 . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that pre - trained person eq . 6 . the results are summarized in tables 6 and 7 . we observe that the difference between the sensitivity of the two types of data is minimal , but significant . the difference is most prevalent in the settings where [ bold ] data is concentrated , with the exception of the one with the most sensitive data .
3 shows the eaa annotation mode and f - score of the entity class in table 3 . as table 3 shows , the transition from the traditional eal model to the new state - of - the - art model has been relatively smooth , with a slight margin of error . with respect to entity class performance , we observed significant margin cut in the eal and ufa settings .
the results are shown in table 1 . written news is more than twice as likely to appear in the news corpus as it is in the written news corpus . we also include items from the bible as supplementary material . these items are used in supplementary material for edit distance 1 . 5 times as frequently as the original ones .
table 2 , we compare our model against the actual and the predicted pl scores . our model verifies the accuracy of the predictions with a gap of 39 % in the sg metric , which means that the predicted pl has significantly higher accuracy than the actual estimate .
table 6 , we show the results for each language notional agreement . our joint model performs best in terms of both localized and notional agreements . the results are shown in table 6 . for both languages , we use the best performing part - of - speech embeddings . the difference is minimal , but we do not include translations as a metric for notionalization .
table 3 , we show the number of propositions per type in ampere . the number of tokens per type is reported in tables 3 and 4 , respectively .
the results of our model are shown in table 7 . all the models trained on our dataset are comparable in terms of f1 score . however , for bilstm - crf , we have only comparable results on prec . prec . and rst - parser .
table 2 , we show the results for uds - ih2 and lee et al . 2015 . the all - 3 . 0 model achieves the best results on both tests , outperforming both the baseline models on all metrics .
table 6 , it can be seen that our joint model performs better than the previous state - of - the - art models on all metrics when combined with gold - standard segments .
shown in table 1 , the number of attention - parameters increases with the growth of the lstm model .
table 2 , we compare our model with the previous stateof - the - art models on the ter and bleu datasets . the results are presented in table 2 . the difference is minimal , but significant , as our model outperforms both the varis and bojar ( 2017 ) and the original ter model .
table 6 , we show that the word2vec sg embeddings can be used for transportation as well as as for co - occurrence . representation is a sophisticated vector - based system , and it is able to handle multiple instances of cooccurrence without sacrificing too many correct answers . precision on the one hand is high , while precision on the other is low .
table 3 , we can see that the best performing model is the conj - based l - bilstm , which takes the best performance on account of the low correlation with the source entity . however , on the other hand , the best performances are obtained by acl : relcl and xcomp : discr
results of external knowledge are shown in table 1 . our approach uses semeval15 lexicons , which combine syntactic and semantic information . the results are clear from the table 1 : the lexicons used as external knowledge have dim effect on the semantic performance of the word " sentence " .
table 5 , we show the results of our concatenation method on the baseline and the corresponding test sets on the retrained test sets . we observe that , when trained on baseline , the emb . conc . model improves interpretability by increasing the precision on the test sets and thereby improving interpretability .
the results of the negated and negated test are shown in table 39 . our proposed method shows that the difference between the true and negative states is minimal , but it does not harm the model to interpret the data differently . as shown in the table 39 , using the concatenation of the best and worst states , reducing the error is beneficial .
the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms the widely used approaches on three of the four datasets : coherence on sigvac , global and newsgroups . on the other hand , on the two datasets , our model performs slightly worse than the best on all three metrics .
the results of our model are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms the local embeddings on three out of the four datasets we base our model on . on the local dataset , our model achieves the best results on almost every metric , with the exception of newsgroups , which are slightly better than local .
the results are shown in table 9 . we can see that the frequency - frequency analysis performed by our system shows that the accuracy obtained by the pagerank algorithm is higher than the frequency analysis done by the traditional method .
the results of our method are shown in table 5 . when we only use frequency and repetition , we get exactly the same results as we had with loc .
table 7 shows the results of an ablation study we performed to identify 50 instances of uds - ih2 - dev with highest absolute prediction error . these instances are shown in table 7 . it can be seen that the entity that contains the statement is an auxiliary or light verb this is evident from the fact that there is a lot of variation in the vocabulary that is used to describe the event or state .
we show the results of different models trained on the word2vec dataset in the low - supervision settings . in general , we observe that the united states has the worse performing model compared to other countries .
table 2 , we compare the unique grams of the self - bleu dataset with the other models trained on the original wt103 dataset . we find that , when trained on a single dataset , the model is more than 50 % more likely to be unique compared to bert .
table 3 , we compare the performance of bert and ppl models on different types of tbc datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . bert ( large ) and gpt ( medium ) significantly outperform the other models on all three datasets .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . we observe that aida - b and wiki are comparable on all wikipedia datasets , with milne and witten ( 2008 ) reporting a performance of 77 . 96 % on both datasets . on the other hand , the performance on msnbc is significantly worse on the cweb dataset , with a difference of 3 . 9 % on the aquaint dataset .
2 shows the f1 scores of our model when it is trained on aida conll and on wikipedia . it can be seen that the model performs better on wikipedia than the weakly - supervised aida - b model .
the results of an ablation study on aida conll development set is shown in table 3 . the presence of a disambiguation label in the development set results in a significant improvement over the performance of aida - a without local attention . this indicates that the model can easily distinguish between the local and the abstractive features of an abstractive language .
table 4 , we show the performance of our model on aida - a compared to other models using the word embeddings . the results are presented in tables 4 and 5 .
the results of the second study are shown in table 2 . all mwe - based models are considered , but only for the case of " all token - based " models . we observe that for all three scenarios , the gap between the performance of the original mwe and the discontinuous variant is much narrower .
table 9 , we show the results of thelexfeats test set for the second iteration of our proposed lstm ( 2 ) - s model . the results are summarized in table 9 . with the exception of the one exception , when we consider the number of iterations , the results are slightly better than those of the original models . we observe that for the two iterations of the same model , the frequency of iterations drops significantly as the cost of translation increases .
the results of the final study are shown in table 4 . all | discontinuous and all - discontinatory baseline displays the same performance , however , for all the cases , our h - combined model outperforms gcn - based in terms of both precision and overall fr , all the cases where gcn had a hand in mixing the features of the original documents with the concatenation of the relevant ones . in addition , for the all cases where concatenated documents are considered , the model performs better than the gcn based baseline .
the results of random on the cola and wnli datasets are shown in table 2 . random is comparable to the best state - of - the - art system on the msst and the sst datasets . the difference between the performance of the two baselines is minimal , but it is significant . the differences are mostly due to the variation in performance between the baselines , i . e . , when using the pre - trained word embeddings and the current state of the art msst dataset .
3 shows the performance of the models for different task types . in general , the best results are obtained on the cola elmo and the mssts elmo with intermediate task training . random [ italic ] e and fme model achieve state - of - the - art performance on all task types , with the exception of the task repel feature , which results in an improvement of 10 . 5 % over the previous state of the art .
the results of models trained on theempty dataset are shown in table 4 . the results are presented in tables 4 and 5 . we observe that the model performs better than [ empty ] and " other " models .
table 1 , it can be observed that the frequency with which the number of n - tags is set ( frequency ) , has the highest correlation with the location of the given number of objects , which explains the drop of 2 . 25 % in frequency over the last 10 studies .
table 6 , we show the results of part - of - the - art experiments . our model contains admin . terr . entity and admin . agent . entity . the results are presented in table 6 . it can be seen that the vanilla baseline , when combined with the other works in the development set , contains all the relevant information for the task . the difference is minimal , as the results are in the low single - domain settings .
table 6 , we show the performance of int and int with respect to w2v models in table 6 . our model outperforms all the pretrained models except for the one that pretrained int with eq .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . our model obtains the best performance on three out of the four scenarios . we observe that in most cases , the accuracy drops significantly as the sensitivity increases .
the results of our system are summarized in table 7 . most of the languages we use are mostly language - neutral , but some of these are also used in the production as well as test dataset .
table 6 , the bleu scores of all models that overlap with neural mrs ( gold , silver , and multi - task learning set ) are shown in table 6 . the gold model outperforms all the other models except for the gold model . the accuracy of match % and match % are the only ones that do not appear in the black - aligned summaries . we notice that the gold - aligned mrs model performs better than the silver - aligned model in all overlap .
table 3 , we show the hyper - parameter values in table 3 . in particular , we see that the lattice emb size is the most important factor in boosting the performance of the model , lattice dropout has a significant impact on the model ' s learning rate and the quality of the output is very high . we also see that regularization of the emb size helps the model to improve its performance . the same effect is observed for lattice layer as well .
3 shows the performance of models using onlychar - based lstm models compared to the models using auto seg . the results are presented in table 3 . our model outperforms the baseline on both f1 and f1 by a noticeable margin . we observe that the combination ofchar + bichar baseline and auto seg improves the f1 score by a margin of 2 . 57 points .
table 4 , we show the performance of models trained on gold seg . our model outperforms the gold seg baseline on three out of the four scenarios . as expected , the results are slightly worse on all models except for the brown et al . ( 2015 ) model , which results in a better f1 score .
the results of our final model are presented in table 4 . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of f1 score . on the other hand , our model achieves the best performance on both metric , with a gap of 2 . 36 % in performance compared to the previous state of the art model .
the results of char baseline and bichar baseline are shown in table 4 . the results are slightly worse than char baseline , but still comparable to the performance of lemma baseline . we observe that the combination of bichar and lattice models improves the char baseline performance by 3 . 8 points . however , the difference is less pronounced in the lemmatized corpus , indicating that the model performs better on the training data than the original ones .
the results of finetuned models are shown in table 4 . the results are slightly better than those of monolingual , but still superior than that of chrf - 1 . 0 . we observe that the ensemble - of - 5 model performs better than both the original embeddings , and the model is more accurate in case of bleu .
table 4 , we compare our baselines with the original ones , as sestorain et al . ( 2018 ) and alain et al . ( 2018 ) ( 2018 ) . our baselines basic and agree embeddings , respectively , outperform both the original and the dual - 0 models . in particular , the difference between the quality of en → \ fr models is less pronounced for the dual - 0 model .
the results of the ablation study are shown in table 3 . the presence of no edge features in the semantic feature ablation set shows a significant drop in bleu ( from 71 . 06 to 71 . 27 ) and also shows that there is a marginal increase in the number of negative features from the original training set to 69 . 27 .
table 2 , we compare our baselines with the previous stateof - the - art models , dual - 0 , and agree , which rely on word embeddings . the results are presented in table 2 . our baselines basic and pivot converge on the same level of performance , while the results of agree are slightly better .
table 2 , we compare our baselines basic and agree with previous work distill † on the understanding of the relation between two sets of documents , namely , that the documents belong to the same domain , not the same set of documents . we observe that , when ensembling the documents , the quality remains the same across all three sets , with the exception of the case of deutsch , where we consider whether the documents are properly aligned with the relevant documents .
table 4 , we show the results on the official iwslt17 multilingual task . our baselines basic and agree are better than both the supervised and unsupervised baselines , and our baselines pivot ( avg . ) are more stable and interpretable .
table 5 , we show the performance of our proposed iwslt17 model on the supervised and unsupervised set . the results are presented in table 5 . the difference is minimal , i . e . the difference between the weighted average of the two sets is minimal .
table 6 , we represent the results of models applying the best permutation scheme , en - de , as the model performs under the pretraining scheme of de → et , and en - ru . subtitles for both languages are presented in table 6 . our model achieves the best results with 10 . 28 % overall improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model . europarl , on the other hand , suffers from a significant drop in performance compared to the original eq .
3 : bleu scores for the bilingual test sets . our model outperforms both the traditional en - de and the embeddings for both languages . the results are shown in table 3 . for both languages , our model performs significantly better than the contextual baseline . europarl also outperforms our model ,
table 4 , the bleu scores for the en - de bilingual test set are reported in tables 4 and 5 . it can be observed that the presence of context in the current context actually hurts the model , as shown in the highlighted section . additionally , the gap between current and former context is larger than that of the original context .
table 2 , we compare our proposed maxsimc and global - dsm models with the previous state - of - the - art systems . in fact , our proposed maxsimc outperforms the two previous models in terms of performance on every metric ,
the bleu scores for domain match experiments are presented in table 2 . table 2 shows that the training data consist entirely of training data and is divided into giga and brown regions . the training data are divided into 10 categories and include training data for each category . the difference is most prevalent in giga , with training data divided into 15 categories .
table 6 , it can be observed that our proposed system improves upon the state - of - the - art maxcd model by 3 . 8 points in accuracy and precision .
table 3 , we report the performance of our model on paraphrase detection task . our model outperforms both the previous state - of - the - art systems in both precision and f1 scores .
table 6 , we show the results of softmax capture on the snips dataset . we observe that , let alone a reduction in performance , doc has the advantage of having a 50 % advantage over softmax . also , the accuracy drops significantly when we switch from softmax to softmax , which shows the diminishing returns from using softmax captured data . snips has seen its performance drop significantly since the switch to soft - max capture . however , we see a slight improvement in the accuracy compared to msp .
table 1 , we compare al with and without its truncated average , tracking time - indexed lag ali = gi − i − 1γ when the wait - 3 system is used , and al = 2 . 25 for a wait - 4 system . we observe that al scores significantly worse than those of other systems when the lag is truncated , as shown in fig . 1 .
the bleu scores for evaluating amr and dmrs generators on gold + silver and gold + gold + silver datasets are shown in table 4 . amr has all the attributes except for those for gold + silver , while dmrs has only the attributes of silver and gold . amr also has the advantage of having fewer attributes for evaluating the training set on gold and silver + silver . additionally , the amr model has the greatest performance on gold + silver dataset , which shows the diminishing returns from using amr features .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . multinli and dative alternation have completely opposing predictions on all datasets , with the exception of those in the multinli dataset . as table 1 shows , all approaches are completely neutral , with no exception for the case of founta et al . ( 2018 ) , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing source and target domain .
table 3 , we show the bleu and eor scores for each context , compared to the previous state of the art model . memory - to - context meteor and de → en ( mmeor ) significantly outperform the state - of - the - art model in terms of both forgetting to input and the generation of new context instances .
the results of semantic tense and semantic subjnum are shown in table 3 . syntactic bshift outperforms human in all aspects , with the exception of the semantic part where it is more difficult to distinguish between human and syntactic features . semantic bshift shows a slight improvement over the human baseline on the multitasking task , but is still slightly worse than human . syntactic branching in the wc is more complicated than in the semantic topconst model , which shows the human tendency to rely on superficial cues .
the results of all the models are shown in table 5 . the most representative ones are sentiment analysis mr , trec and sst5 . all the models trained on avg outperform the competition in terms of sentiment analysis . however , the best results are obtained using sst2 and max datasets . the combined results of these models show that the semantic features captured by avg are superior to the sentiment analysis methods used on the eurad dataset .
table 8 , we present the results of our model on the 20 - ng and 50 - ng datasets . it can be observed that the difference between accuracy and f1 between pca and dct models is minimal , however it is noticeable in r - 8 .
shown in table 1 , the pruned cnet embeddings have the best performance and the 10 - best score are the ones with the worst scores .
the results of the experiments are shown in table 1 . we can observe that the weighted pooling method achieves the best results , but the average pooling rate is lower than the baseline , indicating that the quality of pooling data is less important than the pooling number . additionally , we can see that the number of iterations per request is slightly higher than the original pooling goal due to the higher quality of the baseline .
the results of experiments on transcripts + live asr are shown in table 4 . as can be seen , the results of the experiments are slightly better on transcripts than on live - asr , though the improvement is larger on transcripts . we notice that the quality of the output on transcripts is slim , compared to the number of requests on transcripts , showing that the use of batch asrs can improve the task quality for the user .
table 6 , we show the ablation study results on the prohibition and obligation datasets . the average number of tokens for each category is reported in table 6 . our joint model obtains a total of 260 tokens , which slightly outperforms the previous best state - of - the - art model .
table 6 , we show the results for ja and english . our proposed system works well , both in terms of test set and usage development .
the results of the models in table 9 show that the models trained on the bilstm and h - bilstm datasets have varying performance depending on the number of objects in the dataset . we observe that of the three models , only the ones that had the presence of all the members of the armed groups were considered for the f1 metric . the models trained only on the locations with the least number of members in the group were able to obtain the highest performance .
table 3 , we show the bleu score of the models involved in the translation of these documents from one domain to the other . pseudo - parallel data involved in translation of the documents involved in ja ∗ → ru query , and also involved in generation of new documents . the results of " b3 " and " b4 " are shown in tables 3 and 4 .
we show the results of 5 - way shot on 1 . 0 and 2 . 0 compared to the baseline on the test set of proto - adv ( cnn ) . on both test sets , we observe that the precision obtained by gnn ( cnn ) is superior on both sets of test sets . on the tests set of hgn ( cnn ) , we observe a drop of precision on both tests set . these results show that the five - way shot performs well on both test set .
the results of the best performing 5 - way - 1 shot are shown in table 4 . the best performing models are proto ( cnn ) and bert ( bert ) which produce 60 % and 50 % nota ( table 4 ) . however , when we only consider the one - way shot , the accuracy drops significantly and the percentage of nota is only 15 % .
table 6 , we show the results for gold - gold - gold model on the ontonotes test set . our model outperforms all the gold - based models except for mi - f1 , which has the highest accuracy . also , we observe that , when gold - augmented model is used on the test set , it achieves the best performance . on the other hand , it fails to achieve the best accuracy on the gold and silver - gold dataset . this is mostly due to the high accuracy of the gold model compared to the gold ones .
table 6 , we show that ourorganization model can improve the performance of our afet rec . by 11 . 0 % when compared to [ italic ] / organization . on the other hand , this does not improve the results for our model .
table 6 , we show the results of the is - heavy and is - hard models compared to the similarly weighted models trained on the f1 - neigh network . the results are summarized in table 6 . our proposed model outperforms the models using only one type of weight - loss feature , cos - weights are particularly sensitive to the strong lemma of the model , so we observe that the loss of accuracy is less pronounced for the model with the least weight - weights .
the training time and parameters to learn are shown in table 4 . the average training time to learn is approximately 2h 30m , while training time is about 2h 45m . finally , the number of parameters to be learned is about 1 , 837m . table 4 shows the performance of the models trained on the bilstmatt and x - bilstm datasets . training time is approximately 1h 30 m ,
table 2 , we compare our model with the original ones . we observe that , in most cases , full - is - black is the better black - aligned model , and the other ones are more accurate . however , in av - cos , we observe that the black aligned model is more accurate in some cases than in others .
the results of simverb3500 are shown in table 9 . we observe that the models trained on the simlex999 dataset are comparable in performance to the ones using [ empty ] in most cases . however , we see that the difference between the performance of these models is less pronounced for some of the models . we notice that the asymmetric nature of the model results in that it is more likely to rely on superficial cues .
we present the results of experiment 1 on the snli and sts16 datasets . the results are presented in table 1 . the proposed method obtains the best performance on all three datasets . it follows the best performing state - of - the - art system . snli is comparable in semantic analogy with all the other systems except snli .
table 9 , it can be seen that most of the language used for this analysis is gender - neutral , however , the exception is for “ gotcha ” . neural is more likely to classify tweets as either male or female , although the percentage of tweets that are labeled as containing hate speech is slightly higher for both groups .
table 4 , we show the results for b - 1 , b - 2 , and cider . the trained facts - to - seq w . attention is the most sensitive part of the data , and it is the only one that requires more data than the facts toseq . the founta et al . ( 2017 ) classifier trained on the facts to - seq dataset outperforms the others in terms of both attention and meteor scores . the difference is most prevalent in b - 3 where the facts are shown in table 4 .
can be seen in table 2 , the unmodified infersent approaches outperform the strong baselines on both test and hard datasets .
table 2 , we show the percentage decrease from baseline advdat ( 1 , 1 ) to the baseline level of 0 . 42 , compared to the previous state of the art . when we switch to the sleeping and driving dataset , we find that the sleeping dataset is slightly better than the driving dataset . we notice that the switch from sleeping to driving dataset is less noisy , however , it is more accurate .
the results of our model are shown in table 5 . our model obtains the highest accuracy on the five scenarios in question . it can be observed that the salience assigned to it by the kerning agents is more sensitive to the five aspects of the word with the highest correlation with the kitting coefficient . this indicates that the model performs well on all five scenarios .
table 4 , we present the results of an ablation study we performed on ere dataset in table 4 . our joint model outperforms all the state - of - the - art models on both datasets in terms of performance .
3 shows the impact of mass preservation on the deen development set . we observe that unpreserved and unreserved bleu shows very high correlation with the preserved dal , compared to the un - reserved dal . still , the difference is much smaller , in the more realistic setting .
table 6 , we show the results of different approaches for different nguyentfb15 datasets . the first approach that we tried out was odee - fe . it achieved a result that was comparable with the best previous methods . however , the results are slightly worse than expected . the dblp : conf / acl / nguyen tfb15 baseline shows that the ability to match multiple documents at once is crucial for the model to achieve outstanding results . the second approach we tried was able to match all documents with the same utterance , but found that doing this did not improve the results . we found that it was better to match documents with multiple entities than to match them all . finally , we tried different methods of matchmaking , but only managed to achieve the best results .
table 5 , it can be observed that the veraged slot coherence results are comparable to the state of the art odeefer model ( see table 5 ) .
the results of prefer - and prefer - are shown in table 6 . all models trained on the selected datasets are below the threshold for performance on all metrics . the models trained only on one dataset are more than 20 % better than the others . we notice significant performance drop between baseline models for all three metrics .
table 3 , we show the performance of our system / human model in training data . it appears in the training data that it has been trained on a low - supervision level , meaning that it is more likely to flag instances of plagiarism as errors . it is clear from table 3 that the system is able to pick out instances of sexism from training data , but it is unable to pick them out of the hundreds of training abstracts generated by the system .
table 5 , we compare the performance of these models against one another . the results are summarized in table 5 . for example , meteor has outperformed all the other models except for rouge - l . on the other hand , we notice that the performance gap between the two approaches is narrower .
3 shows the percentage of opinion held by non - expert and non - pert on different titles for different topics . the results are shown in table 3 . as expected , for all but one of the positions , there are 15 % to 20 % chance to switch from one topic to another .
table 6 , we show the results for s + p + i and visual . our system outperforms all the other methods except for the one that verifies the word choice . visual and vocal perform best , but are slightly worse than the other two methods .
table 6 , we show the results for all models except for those that do not use the word " random " . we observe that all models trained on tfn are comparable in terms of performance , but only those trained on s + p + i outperform the random models .
performance on the mednli task is shown in table 2 . the best performance is obtained using the best performing combination of pmc and pubmed metrics .
table 6 , we observe that our approach improves the precision of bilstm and other bimpm models by increasing the sensitivity of the observed targets to the high degree .
table 3 , we show the performance of our model with different feedforward and backward vectors . the bert classifier achieved the best performance with a accuracy of 0 . 843 on test set .
the results of the best performing model are shown in table 2 . for the simlex999 model , we only account for one error in window position . this indicates that the window position affects the performance of the model when applying the symmetric features . we observe that both the left and right analogies have the best performance , however , the performance is slightly worse for both models .
the performance of our model with and without cross - sentential contexts is shown in table 3 . simlex999 has the highest performance across all models , while gw true has the worst performance .
table 4 , we show the performance of different models depending on the removal of stop words . simlex999 shows the best performance with removal of all stop words , while gw with removal shows the worst performance . also , we see an increase in the number of analogies as compared to the original ones .
the results are shown in table 1 . when pooling the pooling method with the max number of embeddings , the accuracy intervals are 95 % confidence over 10 runs for each method . with the exception of the presence or absence of uni - embeddings in the pool , this method performs better than the other two methods .
the results of our model are shown in table 6 . our model improves upon the state - of - the - art on all three categories . the largest gains are on the computer science research abstracts of " fiction " and " tables " while " other " achieves lower performance .
the results of phase 1 are shown in table 2 . the models trained with [ bold ] normal distrances are comparable in size to those of pre - trained models ( see table 2 ) . however , the difference is larger in the fine - tuned setup , with a gap of 2 . 9 % in f1 / acc score compared to the previous state - of - the - art .
table 3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous stateof - the - art models on some recent points in the literature . our model outperforms both previous state of the art models on bpe and deen scores .
table 6 , we show the performance of our method with respect to bleu and char on the tokenized and sacrebleu char tables . it can be observed that , when using deen and fien as source vectors , the two - mention bpe scores in the same range as those of csen .
table 4 , we show the error counts of 500 randomly sampled examples from the deen test set . our method improves the char - to - lexical ranking by 10 % over the baseline on bpe and other lexical features .
table 6 , we report the bpe size and the bleu size of bilstm models compared to the original ones . our model obtains a larger bpe size and a higher bleu than the bilslstm model . we observe that the bilistm is comparable to the size of a comparable human - adapted lstm .
table 4 , we compare our model with the previous stateof - the - art on three of the four datasets : μp , bilstm , μr and μf1 . the results are summarized in table 4 . we observe that both the injected and uni - specific keyphrases are comparable , but the difference between μp and μr is narrower .
table 3 , it can be seen that wiki + pu significantly improves the performance for political speech , both in terms of precision and accuracy .
table 6 , we report the results of models trained on tweets from one domain and tested on all tweets from the other domain . the results are summarized in table 6 . we observe that for all tweets that are classified as hate speech , the performance remains the same , however , on the wikipedia domain , we see a slight improvement .
the results of the negative and positive predictions are shown in table 5 . as expected , the models trained on stack overflow and nltk are both positive and negative , with the exception of sentistrength , both precision and recall are relatively high , indicating that the model performs well in neutral settings .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other methods using the word embeddings . our model obtains 69 . 2 % accuracy on average compared to 10rv [ italic ] w .
the results of rnnsearch * on mt03 and mt08 are shown in table 7 . our model outperforms all the other models except for those that embed word embeddings . table 7 compares the performance of these models on different tasks .
table 6 , we show the results of experiments using [ italic ] shared - private and decoder wt . the results are summarized in table 6 . our approach achieves the highest bleu score , at 69 . 9 % , compared to the 69 . 5 % of the other methods using direct bridging . the difference between the effectiveness of our approach and the difference between vanilla and three - way wt is small , but significant . we observe that our approach significantly improves the multi - way decoding performance of our decoder wt model , which is comparable to the best state - of - the - art approach .
table 6 , we show that our shared - private model reduces the variation between en and ja ⇒ en , and increases the bleu score for both models from 48 . 5 % to 48 . 9 % for both sets .
table 6 , we compare our approach against the best state - of - the - art approaches . the results are presented in table 6 . our approach achieves the best results with a bleu score of 0 . 5 , 0 . 7 and 0 . 8 on the test set of λwf and decoder wt . we observe that the shared - private approach outperforms the unsupervised approach by a large margin .
2 shows the average time for users to set up the tool and identify verbs in a 623 word news article . on ubuntu , the time taken to install and use brat is significantly less than that on either slate or yedda .
table 1 , we show the performance of our word2vec models compared to the original embeddings . the results are summarized in table 1 . the difference between the average number of instances in our model is minimal , but the difference is significant . the syntree2vec model has the smallest variation , however it has the highest performance .
table 1 , we show that for the asnq dataset , we use only one answer sentence per label , which refers to answer sentence , long answer passage and short answer phrase respectively .
the results of our models are shown in table 2 . the best performances are obtained using bert - b ft asnq and wikiqa datasets .
the results of our models are shown in table 2 . the best performances are obtained using bert - b ft asnq and trec - qa .
table 6 , the results of noise reduction on the test set are shown in table 6 . when noise reduction was applied to the model , the accuracy drop was significantly higher than fine - tuning , showing that the noise reduction caused by removing the noise was minimal . however , the difference between the accuracy of no noise reduction and the noise reductions was much lower on wikiqa mrr than on trec - qa . finally , when no noise was added to the setting , the error reduction was significantly lower than on the other two datasets .
table 3 , neg : 1 , 2 , 3 pos : 4 , 5 , 6 , trec - qa mrr and neg : neg : 3 pos : 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 10 . on the other hand , we see that 4 , 8 pos : 6 , 7 , 10 , 11 . these are the most realistic scenarios for the wikiqa dataset .
table 6 , the results for wikiqa and trc - qa are shown in table 6 . our approach outperforms the competition on all metrics except for the percentage of qnli models that do not use tanda as the source of map . also , on the other hand , the ft asnq model performs slightly better than the other two models .
table 1 , we show the results of our bert and asnq models on the test set of prec @ 1 and 2 . these models are trained on the pre - trained models of model and bert . we observe that both models are comparable in performance on both datasets . the results are summarized in table 1 .
table 3 , we show the effect of bias term on the three feature in particular , the difference between the number of tokens in the distribution is most striking in the case of dif_too , since the difference in thedifferences between the two types of tokens is small . since the difference is small , we can ' t find a significant difference in how ic = 3 and theribution is larger . with respect to the has - diff effect , we find that it is more useful to give 3 tokens to the same distribution than to give one token to different groups .
table 1 , we show the performance of our neural parser in only a few lines using uniparse . it can be seen that the generic embeddings like eisner ( our ) and wasser ( 2016 ) outperform the generic ones in terms of number of tokens / s and the number of iterations used to train the parser .
the results of our model are shown in table 3 . our model obtains the best performance on both forms . we observe that the error reduction from the original model is small but significant , and we observe that it is possible to improve interpretability by adding additional cost term in the form of documents .
shown in table 3 , the differences between average and median jw and cos are statistically significant , in % of 1vmeasure of the clustering of the 28 datasets . specifically , for jw , the average number of cos is 3 . 40 while the median number of jw is 4 . 40 .
table 6 , we can observe that our method has comparable performance with the char - cnn model , but it has the advantage of training on a larger corpus . we can also see that our proposed method outperforms the comparable approaches by a large margin .
the results are shown in table 3 . the best performing model is our model ( bert ) which achieves 86 . 9 % label accuracy and 86 . 7 % ucl accuracy .
the table 1 shows the performance of the question generation system on fever dataset . as can be seen , the training set and development set have a large impact on the model ' s performance , as shown in table 1 . the number of questions per claim per claim is small but significant , as these are questions that can be converted to questions and are used to calculate conversion accuracy .
table 2 , the performance of the question generation system on fever dataset is presented in table 2 . the first case where we can see a slight improvement is the performance on the development set dataset . the second case is the result of the fact that the training set is more interpretable than the development set .
the results of different models are shown in table 1 . transductive scenario gap with respect to bert ' s f1 , we observe that bert and wnli have significantly higher performance on both scenarios compared to sota and bert . however , on the deflated scenario , bert ' s performance was only slightly better than sota ' s 69 . 5 % performance . in the same scenario , the gap between bert and bert was only 2 . 8 % compared to the previous best performance .
table iii , we compare our proposed method with the pretrained and pretrained embeddings . our proposed method results in significantly better results . pretrained embedding outperforms pretrained , non - pretrained embedding , as can be seen , the number of pretrained instances in table iii is significantly higher than pretrained ( p < 0 . 01 ) . pretraining embeddings , on the other hand , is more accurate , providing a better understanding of the training context .
the results of trans and uk trans models are shown in table 3 . trans models perform better than both the models in question . as can be seen , the difference between the exact and trans models is less pronounced for some models than for others .
we show the results for tigrinya and oromo . the results are summarized in table 2 . for both languages , we observe that the entity linking accuracy on non - wikipedia data is significantly higher than that on the trans - single data .
table 6 , we show the results of models trained on the word " phoneme " . we observe that most of the models we trained on these documents are closer to the phoneme baseline than the original ones .
table 2 , we show the results for textbooks and wikipedia compared to the scenario on which we base our nli model . the results are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms both the scenario and the bert model on both datasets .
we show the results for english and french on the test set of freitag et al . ( 2017 ) in table 4 . for english , we observe that both the models using fasttext and word2v embeddings outperform the vse and dsve models . however , for french , we see that the similarity between the two models is less pronounced for english .
we show the results for english and french on the test set of freitag et al . ( 2017 ) in table 4 . as can be seen , for both languages , the accuracy obtained by fasttext and dsve w / fasttext is significantly better than the performance obtained by vse . however , for english , the difference is less pronounced in the low - supervision settings .
table 3 , we show the performance of our model for all languages , as shown in fig 3 . all models show better performance than all , even when using only fragments of the word , as seen in table 3 .
table 4 , we show the performance of our model with bv embeddings on multi30k dataset with different languages with different language features .
table 1 , we show the results for non - expert models . our dberta model outperforms all the state - of - the - art models with a large margin on f1 .
table 2 , we can see that pg has the highest f1 r - 1 and r - l as well as the lower recall r - 2 when using m1 - latent features . we can also see that the multi - factor nature of recall is very similar to those of non - trivial models .
the results of the best models are shown in table 4 . we observe that when only m1 - latent is used , mape and glove achieve the best results . however , when we only consider the multi - domain model , our model performs slightly worse than the baseline bi - lstm model .
the results of our model outperform the previous state - of - the - art models on three of the four datasets . in particular , we observe that bertsdv outperforms the models on both the snli and snli datasets .
the results of our model compared to the best models are shown in table 4 . model significantly outperforms ulmfit in terms of accuracy and recall . on the other hand , yelp f . shows lower accuracy and significantly higher recall rates . we also observe that the mnli embeddings ( m / mm ) significantly outperform the models on both datasets , in addition , the accuracy rates are slightly higher for both datasets ( table 4 ) . we observe that using mnli as a baseline helps the model to improve interpretability and recall accuracy .
table 3 , we compare our implementation against previous models on various nli datasets . we observe that our implementation outperforms both the models we base it on ( gnu and bert - l ) . as the table 3 shows , both the model and the snli datasets are comparable in performance on the three datasets ( table 3 ) .
the results are presented in table 5 . our proposed method outperforms both seq2seq and copynet on both oov and oov tests . however , it is lower than copynet , which shows that the translation quality of our proposed model can be improved with a reasonable selection of conversational contexts .
table 6 , we report the results of our copynet model compared to seq2seq in terms of oov score . the results are summarized in table 6 . as the results show , copynet performs slightly better than our model , but is slightly worse than our own memnet model . we observe that the difference between accuracy on average between the two sets is much narrower , indicating that our model performs well in conversational contexts .
table 4 , we show the performance of our models on bleu - 1 , bleu - 4 , and coder - 4 datasets . the results are summarized in table 4 . the copynet model outperforms both seq2seq and copynet on all bleus - 1 datasets , except for those where the model is trained on a single domain . we observe that copynet performs slightly better than the other two models on three of the four datasets .
the results of the best performing baselines are shown in table 2 . transdg significantly improves upon the state - of - the - art baseline on three of the four fluency and relevance tests . however , the difference is less pronounced on the fluency test set , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing syntactic and semantic information . finally , we observe that our copynet model achieves the best performance on all three fluency tests ( except for the one where it obtains a fix .
table 2 , we show the performance of our model in relation to the entity and relation extraction tasks . transdg achieves the best performance , while qrt + kst achieves the worst performance .
the results of our second study are presented in table 3 . our model outperforms all the previous methods in both computation and test set , both in terms of abstractiveness and precision .
results are shown in table 1 . the bleu scores of the models based on the greedy search method are comparable to that of 2 - la . however , the improvement is less pronounced for 3 - la because of the larger beam size .
the results are shown in table 3 . the average number of words per question and answer is 3 . 2 , and average n - gram overlap is 2 . 1 .
2 shows the performance of the lstm model trained on the wmt16 multimodal translation dataset with different la steps . we show that the look - ahead module significantly improves the bleu ( target len ≥ 25 ) and beam search ( b = 10 ) considerably compared to the original model .
results of applying the la module to the wmt14 dataset are shown in table 3 . the improved bleu and the eos numbers show that the model performs better when the la time step is shorter than the original model .
the results of the greedy and greedy datasets are shown in table 7 . the results are slightly worse than those of 2 - la , but still comparable to the results of greedy . we observe that the two - la models outperform the others in both cases .
table 14 , we compare our model against the previous stateof - the - art on both wmt ’ 14 and wslt14 datasets . the difference between the final score of our model and the original one is most pronounced in our final model , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing the final set of features .
results of the diva - hisdb dataset ( see section iii - a ) . our proposed method outperforms state - of - the - art model in terms of accuracy by reducing the error .
shown in table ii , the best text - line extraction method has the best performance even when the input is compact .
3 shows the results of different approaches for different task domains . entities are evaluated using the best performing clustering feature , mscoco , referit and referit ( see table 3 ) . the results are summarized in table 3 . entities examined using the image - sentence complexity ( vqa ) feature set on flickr30k and entities , and phrase grounding referit feature set as described in section 3 . 1 .
table 3 , we compare our model against entities and phrase grounding referit ( see table 3 ) . the results are summarized in table 3 . entities trained on flickr30k are slightly better than the others on three of the four datasets . the best results are obtained using mscoco and referit , while the average accuracy is slightly better .
the metric and image - sentence retrieval scan scores significantly better than the f1 - based scan on all metrics , as shown in table 4 , training from scratch improves the performance on the phrase grounding qa r - cnn and the vqa ban by 3 . 8 points compared to the previous best performance on metric , bleu - 4 and scan - 4 .
table 4 , we compare grovle w / o multi - task pretraining and image - sentence retrieval ( cider ) with other methods that mimic the task described in section 4 . 3 . the results are summarized in table 4 . the f1 scores achieved using multi task pretraining , as measured by the f1 score on the schemas and word2vqa task , respectively , are slightly better than those achieved using the combination of multitasking and multi - tasking methods . the results also indicate that the enhanced recall ability obtained by combining multi task and target pretraining is beneficial for the task as a whole , improving upon the performance of f1 by 3 . 8 points in the standard task formulation .
3 shows the em and f1 scores of all the models trained on theitalic dataset . our model outperforms all the state - of - the - art methods except for bidaf .
we report the bleu score of the models trained on the distinct - 1 dataset and the f score of seq2seq - f . the results are presented in table 4 . the proposed seq2seq model outperforms both the baseline models with a gap of 2 . 5 bleus and 0 . 0033 diff score . our proposed model improves the f - score by 0 . 18 , however , it is unable to do this due to the high variation of the baseline set . finally , we observe a slight improvement in the diff score by 2 . 9 points compared to the previous state of the art model . we notice a slight drop in performance compared to baseline model , indicating that the clustering of features leads to different interpretability .
table 1 , the performance of our model on the test set of dbert and dberta compared to the previous state - of - the - art on all dataset datasets . the results are presented in table 1 . we trained on the data from the first published results of experiment 1 . the model trained on both datasets has the best f1 score and the worst em score .
4 shows the bleu scores on the validation sets for the same model architecture trained on different data . we observe that splithalf even outperforms the baseline on both data sets , showing that the training set trained on the same data is more accurate .
table 6 , we show the results of manual evaluation for a random sample of 50 inputs from websplit 1 . 0 validation set . it can be seen that both models are able to distinguish between the simple sentences predicted by each model , and the ones predicted by the other .
table 6 , we report the bleu and sbleu scores of our method with different source and target labeled entities . the results are summarized in table 6 . our joint model significantly outperforms the other two methods on both test sets . we observe that our proposed method significantly improves interpretability without sacrificing too many features .
table 1 , we show the results for both basic and abstractive modes . the first example shows that the walks taken by embdi are minimal , compared to the walks by refs . refs shows very similar results . however , in abstractive mode , there are no walks or no walks at all .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the baseline model on both seep and movie datasets . we observe that both the embeddings and the model perform better on both datasets . however , for seep , we see lower performance compared to refs .
table 4 , we show the f - measure results for both basic and unsupervised models . the results are shown in table 4 . supervised deeper ( italic ) achieves better er than the model trained on movie and glove datasets . however , the difference is less pronounced for glove dataset , where only one entity is supervised , i . e . the entity injected with the data is considered to be in the black box .
table 1 , the performance of the models trained on the dberta training dataset compared to the previous state of the art model . the results are presented in table 1 . we use the best performing state - of - the - art model on both dataset dbert and the distractor didaf dataset , which can be seen as an alternative to the current state of affairs .
table 4 , we show the results of the automatic evaluation procedure on a random sample of 1000 sentences . our model outperforms the state - of - the - art on all metrics except for the number of sentences in the analysis set .
table 6 , it can be seen that the grammaticality ( g ) , meaning preservation ( h ) and structural simplicity ( s ) are the most important factors in predicting the quality of a sentence . the overall score is reported in table 6 .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . we observe that most of the hate speech tweets that golbeck and davidsonwmw17 handle are abusive , sexist , offensive , and sometimes abusive . the annotators / tweet groups are mostly comprised of white - aligned tweets , but sometimes contain offensive language as well . we see that some of these tweets are labeled as abusive , while others are normal .
the results are shown in table 5 . as can be seen , precision on the xlnetgraph outperforms dream - athene [ ucl ] and ucl [ ucl ] in terms of f1 score . with respect to model performance , we also observed lower precision on some of the larger datasets .
the results of directness and macro - f1 are shown in table 1 . as the results of the best performing model , we maintain the highest ar and average ar scores for all three models . however , on the macro - f1 dataset , we observe that the difference between the average score of the two types of responses is much narrower . our model achieves the best results with respect to both the majority and the mean of all responses .
table 6 , we show the ar and average ar of tweets compared to macro - f1 on the test set of stsl . our model outperforms all the other methods in terms of both ar and ar as well as the percentage of correct responses .
shown in table 1 , the effect of multilingual bert on the f1 score of japanese and japanese compared to the baseline is very similar .
table 6 , we show the results for both context and jap em using the best performing model . our model achieves the best performance on both scenarios with a performance improvement of 57 . 57 % on average over the baseline .
the results of the second study are shown in table 2 . as expected , all the models that bert & ukp - athene trained on the model had slightly higher performance on the fever score than the other two models .
table 6 , we show the results of our model with different en and nlg labels on the test set . our model obtains a significant improvement in accuracy over the strong lemma baseline on both test sets . mt + nlg even outperforms the nlg model in terms of accuracy on both tests , confirming that the model is well - equipped to handle multiple types of data .
performance of our nlg model compared to state - of - the - art on rotowire test . we apply a set of fixes to the model outputs , averaged over 3 runs .
table 2 , we show the results for all players , sorted according to the required team - level sums . the results are presented in tables 2 and 3 . the concatenated results of the best performing system are shown in table 2 .
table 6 , we show the results of small - scale neural transfer usingmedium - scale src and large - scale transfer using finetune in - lang . the results are presented in table 6 . our model achieves the best results on both plain and abstractive test sets . we also observe that the small size of the image bridges the gap between the performance of the two approaches in the same corpus .
table 6 , we show that for all but one of the scenarios , our proposed method obtains a significant improvement in accuracy over the strong baselines .
the results of the inspec and semeval models are shown in table 5 . inspec we only consider f1 @ 5 and m1 @ 10 while we consider catseq as the alternative . we observe that the performance gap between the two models is narrower in these settings . for example , in the case of krapivin , we only include f1 at 5 and 0 . 3 while for the other two models we include both the best performing models .
table 2 , we show the results for the models withoutacle in the present and present settings . the results are summarized in table 2 . absent and present metrics show thatacle has a significant impact on the model ' s performance , however , catseq has the worse performance . we observed that whetheracle oracle correctly predicts the present and the future , the absent and present metrics show a significant drop in performance for both models .
table 5 , we present the results of catseq - [ italic ] rf1 on the test set of hotpotqa in table 5 . absent f1 @ 5 , we observe significant over - fitting across all metrics indicating that the model performs well in the low - supervision settings .
table 6 , we present the results of catseq model on the present and table 6 shows that when trained with unsupervised models , the model performs better than the model in both scenarios . we observe that when using both the old and the new models , predictive accuracy is relatively high ( p < 0 . 001 ) on both datasets , with a marginal drop of 0 . 005 % in f1 @ compared to the previous state of the art .
table 6 , it can be observed that the augmented attention mechanisms ( ar ) are beneficial for the human and the distinct - 2 model , but do not harm the abstractiveness of the abstractions , as shown in fig . 6 . moreover , the ar - mmi model outperforms the other methods on three of the four datasets , with the exception of the english - based abstractions .
table 6 , we report the results of experiments with different language embeddings in table 6 . the first study shows that the presence of diverse language representations in the model results in a significant improvement over the un - diverse baseline , which shows the value of diversity in our model .
table 2 , we compare our wmt14 and wmt16 en → de implementation with the previous state - of - the - art models . we observe that flowseq - large achieves the best results on both datasets , with a reduction of over - fitting and overfitting compared to the wmt15 ,
table 1 , we show the performance of our model in terms of the w param and cos - d measures . our model outperforms transweight - trans on both tests , with a gap of 2 . 95 % in the accuracy between the two sets . we observe that cos - d and cos - c consistently shows lower performance compared to transweight , as a result of the increased training cost associated with using the dst method .
3 shows the results for english and spanish for both languages . in general terms , the results are in table 3 . for both languages , we base our model on the word " nominal compounds " and " adjective - noun phrases " . for english , we apply the best performing algorithm , cos - d , in which the number of tokens in the input documents is reduced by 10 .
the results of the best performing models are shown in table 2 . we observe that the output quality of cnn is very similar to that of ent - sent , ent - only and ent - ent . the results on cnn are very similar , with the exception of cnn - lebanoff , whose f1 score is significantly better than those of [ italic ] ent - only .
table 2 , we compare our approach with the previous best stateof - the - art approaches on the wikiqa and yahooqa datasets . we observe that , in most cases , the epochs are longer than the average number of frames on the two datasets , indicating that the model performs better on the three datasets at the same time .
the results of the best performing cnn models are shown in table 2 . we observe that , when only using [ italic ] ent - sent , the performance is better than ent - only and ent - ent - ent . cnn is comparable on both benchmarks with respect to f1 on the standard cnn , and on the ent - dym dataset . finally , we observe that the improvement on average is modest , but consistent across all metrics .
the results of the second study are shown in table 4 . it can be observed that the number of instances with semantic annotations in the whitelist drops significantly compared to those without . regarding negative polarity , we notice that the percentage of instances that have no semantic annotation is lower than the percentage with no .
table 6 , we represent the locations of all the models that have been trained on the word “ have ” and the associatedmusicalartist ( 1 , 965 ) . the table 6 shows the results for both models . we notice that the number of instances in which the model can be trained has increased since the training set is in the low - supervision settings .
table 1 , we show the results for the ambiguous and ambiguous settings . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . all the data shown in table 1 show that the best performing model is the one that comes with the best performance on both datasets . we also include the results of the models trained on the das dataset ( hermann et al . , 2016 ) in the supplementary material . for theambiguous setting , we include all the data from the previous set except for the ones that are unambiguous . this highlights the differences in performance between languages for both setups .
the results of our approach are shown in table 9 . our approach obtains the best results on the wikiqa base and on the semevalcqa large base . on the other hand , our results are slightly worse on the googleqa and yahooqa datasets . we observe that our approach achieves the highest performance on both sets , both on the large and the small base .
table 2 , we can see that for i2b2 class , the default classifier is better than manual search , manual search and ddi classifier , and manual search . finally , for ddi class , manual search results are slightly worse than manual search , but still superior than manual searching .
table 6 , we show the results for different classifiers . semeval method gives different results , but the best results are obtained when trained with the original and entity blinding classifiers in mind . we observe that for i2b2 classifier , the accuracy obtained by ddi classifier is comparable to that of the original .
table 2 , we show the performance of our class with different classifiers trained on different pool instances . our ddi classifier outperforms all the other classifiers with a large improvement in accuracy .
table 1 , we show the tokenized bleu test results on iwslt 2017 de → en , kftt ja → en and wmt 2014 en → de , respectively . compared to softmax , we see that the effect is less pronounced on the models with fewer training examples . moreover , the improvements are larger on the wmt 2016 ro → en dataset than on the original ones .
table 6 , the results for subtask 1 . 1 macro f1 and arxiv embeddings on both subtasks are shown in table 6 . specifically , the models trained with cc / arxiv embeddeddings outperform the subtask model trained with only macro - f1 . however , the difference is less pronounced on subtask 2 . 2 and subtask 3 . 3 macro f2 .
table 2 , we show the performance of our model on the unc + testa and the referit testb , both of which use the nlstm - cnn model as the source for all the data . as expected , the rmi model outperforms both the lstm and rmi models on both tests . we observe that the g - ref valuation scores of the two models are lower than those of the other two models . the performance drop between the two sets is due to high variation in the training set of rmi and the mmi model .
the results of cross - modal self - attention on the unc val set are shown in table 2 . it can be observed that the effect of dual attention is less pronounced on the ground than on the iou .
table 6 , we observe that our model significantly outperforms the rmi - lstm and other widely used lstm models in terms of accuracy on the iou dataset . however , the difference is only noticeable on the rmc - cnn dataset , where the accuracy drops significantly when trained with prec @ 0 . 7 and 0 . 9 .
the results of the second metric are shown in table 3 . we observe that the performance gap between model 1 and model 3 is narrower than the gap between the performance of the first and second metric . this is evident from the fact that the training set contains only one metric for each metric , namely , the gen . perf . metric . model 1 is the most stable while model 2 is the worst .
table 2 , we compare our model against the previous state - of - the - art on three of the four datasets . the results are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms both the original glove embeddings and lee and dernoncourt ( 2016 ) on every metric . the difference is most prevalent in the tf - idf dataset , which shows the viability of alternative approaches .
table 6 , we can see that the inspec model outperforms the state - of - the - art models in terms of f1 @ k and semeval scores .
the results of basernn and transformer 80m are shown in table 4 . the model performs better than the models trained on the original entities dataset . the model outperforms both the models in terms of f @ k , f @ 10 and bnn , and performs better on both datasets with the exception of bigrnn .
table 6 , we present the results of an ablation study we performed in the setting of the penn adverse drug ( dod ) . the results are summarized in table 6 . we empirically found that the proposed hb - crf model significantly outperforms the [ empty ] model in terms of both the detection and the dose of the drug the user is taking .
table 6 , we report results on the three aspects of the test set . our proposed system improves upon the state - of - the - art dist by 3 . 6 % on the diagnosis detection f1 score and on the ruled - out score by 2 . 6 % . on the other hand , the percentage of negative responses that are detected as positive drops significantly on the dist metric .
table 4 , we show the average number of utterances per dialogue for different classifiers , and the percentage of dialogues that are out - of - domain compared to the original ones . we also observe that , based on the large number of instances in our dataset , the emotion push method has lower precision than the friends / emotionpush method , which shows that the nature of expressing emotions is very different from the sentiment that is expressed in the dialogues . also , for example , the average length of messages between dialogues between the two groups is 14 . 5 % , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing the emotions of opposing states .
table 2 , we compare our model with pre - trained essentia and hotelqa datasets . our model outperforms both the baseline and the trained ones on every metric by a large margin .
5 : classification test scores for classifying r vs u in the br , us , and combined br + us dataset . the baseline score is 50 % .
table 6 , we present the results of bodies and geth using difficulties . our system performs slightly better than headers and receipts , but is slightly worse than getsh using bodies . the difference is caused by different kinds of lexical features , namely , the number of heads and number of number of tokens in the distribution of the tokens . finally , the difference is less pronounced for geth than for heads , as these features are used to label items in the distractor .
table 6 , we show the results of different approaches for different aspects of sync ethanos . our proposed method outperforms the headsers and receivesipts on both compact sync and compact sync datasets . difficulties in the geth are sometimes associated with different features , but are less prevalent in compact sync than in the fast sync ones . the results of " - bodies " and " - difficulties " are shown in table 6 . these differences are mostly due to different features of the lexical embeddings , such as block number , hash number and crossword schemas . as expected , the difference between the accuracy of bodies and bodies is less pronounced on compact sync ,
table 6 , we compare the performance of [ empty ] with other transformer - word - word models on the benchmark mt02 , 08 and 08 datasets . we observe that google transformer word has the best performance on both benchmarks , it improves the mt02 and 08 rd by 0 . 3pp on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art model .
table 3 , we present the results of bert and task flc f1 on the joint and all - propaganda datasets . our joint model outperforms task slc , and joint models achieve a joint f1 score of 43 . 57 / 71 . 03 and 35 . 63 / 59 . 86 on the joint and all - propaganda datasets , respectively . the results of joint modeling are presented in table 3 .
2 : results on cqa dev - random - split with cos - e used during training . the accuracy of our model is reported in table 2 .
3 : test accuracy on cqa v1 . 0 . replacing cos - e with cage reasoning during both training and inference leads to an absolute gain of 10 . 7 % over the previous state - of - the - art .
table 4 shows the performance of different variants of cos - e when training and validation . the accuracy of the self - selected models compared to the original ones is reported in table 4 . the difference between accuracy and completeness is minimal , i . e . , the accuracy obtained when using only one set of ellipsis is low , and the completeness of the model is high ( table 4 ) .
table 6 shows the results for bert and sotry cloze tasks . the results for expl transfer are shown in table 6 . bert transfer from cqa to out - of - domain swag and sotonze tasks is comparable to the output of bert + expl transfer .
the results of our model are summarized in table 6 . we observe that bert and pu significantly improve the performance for both models , both models show lower correlation with the human judgement in terms of the f1 score , indicating that the use of pre - trained bert models can improve the predictive accuracy of the models .
results are shown in table 7 . we show that the basic size of the word embeddings is significantly less than the number of ellipsis in the standard set , i . e . , that is , the total number of words in the input set , and the percentage of pairs in the output set . as expected , the difference between the quality of the inputs and the average number of pairs is very small , this is evident from the large difference in the test set size between the two sets .
table 4 , we show the results for all aspects of the analysis . our model achieves the best results when we use word - length max as the metric in the extraction tasks . the results are summarized in table 4 . it can be observed that for all three aspects , our model has the best performance . the difference is most pronounced in the case of music , which is when the word length max is used as the target .
results are shown in table 9 . as expected , all the features shown in this table belong to the category of " frequency " and " artifact " . they are applied to the five types of music that frequency and lexical balances are the most difficult ones to solve . our system achieves the best results with a f1 score of 0 . 69 , 0 . 83 and 0 . 68 respectively compared to the previous state of the art .
table 1 , we show the distribution of the event mentions per pos per token in all datasets of the eventi corpus . for each language that has the highest percentage of noun in the dataset , we use preposition and verb . the average number of instances per pos in the training dataset is 17 , 735 . for the verb dataset , there are 39 , 232 instances per token .
table 2 , we compare our proposed method with state - of - the - art methods . our proposed method outperforms statenet on every training and test set , with the exception of parallelism . training on the dev . dataset is over 2 , 000 times more complicated than statenet . the difference is most prevalent in the imax dataset , which is underlined by the presence of imax .
table 6 , we present the results of the relaxed and f1 - class models trained on the glove embeddings . the results of these models are summarized in table 6 . they outperform the baseline on both the strict evaluation and the f1 class by a significant margin . however , on the low - supervision evaluation , the results are still significantly worse than those of the baseline model , in both case the accuracy is improved by a margin of 1 . 1 points .
table 4 , we show the bleu scores of hred and seqgan models . hred significantly outperforms the other models in both dist - 1 and inter - dist dist - 2 datasets . the hred model performs better than both the original hred embeddings and the sbow embedding model . finally , hred performs slightly better than the other two models
table 5 , we report the results of informative and non - informative methods for models trained on the dailydialog dataset . the results are summarized in table 5 . dialogwae significantly outperforms the informative methods in diversity and inclusion , and the founta et al . ( 2018 ) achieves the best results with a diversity score of 69 . 9 % and a double score of 77 . 6 % . in addition , the difference between the average cost of diversity and informative methods is small but significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) . we observe that , in general , the best performing model is the vhcr - wae model , which achieves the highest diversity score with a gap of 29 . 2 % on the diversity score .
table 3 , we show the bleu and fluency scores for each language tested on the gold and rl look - ahead datasets . the results are presented in table 3 . as expected , the gold and rl current datasets are significantly worse than the other two baselines , the difference is most prevalent in relation to the current state of the art , with respect to sentiment , our model performs better than both the other baselines . multiseq and seq2seq perform slightly worse than our model , however , the difference is less pronounced on the fluency and volance metric , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing syntactic and semantic information . it is also perceptible that the additional cost of mixing semantic information with syntactic or syntactic information helps the model to improve interpretability and recall . we observe that the enhanced recall scores indicate that the semantic information injected into the model can be used to derive useful information .
table 2 , we compare our proposed cosql int . and sparc ques . match results are presented in table 2 . syntaxsql - con and cd - seq2seq perform better than both the original cosql and the cosql variant . however , the accuracy drop between the two sets is still significant . in addition , the difference between the average cosql ques match and the average fine - tuned ques between the original and the new variant is only 1 . 8pp in the case of the original variant .
table 2 , it can be seen that the accuracy obtained by count based p ( x , y ) is relatively high compared to the other method used for eval , shwartz and wbless . additionally , the precision obtained by ppmi is relatively lower compared to other methods used for detection .
table 4 , ablation tests reporting average precision values on the unsupervised hypernym are reported in table 4 . we observe that bless and tanh + relu are completely different from the other two systems that rely on word embeddings . relu only requires a modicum of training data , which results in extremely high precision ( p < . 01 ) . as expected , the performance of leds and wbless + residual is significantly lower than that of [ italic ] relu + ( p > . 01 ) because the training data is abstractive and contains only training data that is part of the relu corpus . it is clear from table 4 that the superficial cues that are most prevalent in this corpus are superficial , as these are the only ones that are able to distinguish between semantic and syntactic cues .
results on the unsupervised hypernym detection task for bless dataset are summarized in table 5 . with 13 , 089 test instances , the improvement in average precision obtained by spon as compared against smoothed box model is statistically significant . the two - tailed p value indicates that the model performs better than the supervised model .
table 2 , we report rouge scores on the nyt50 test set . the results are presented in tables 2 and 3 . they are significantly worse than those of the original embeddings ( see table 2 ) . first [ italic ] k words are particularly difficult to distinguish from the original ones , as the number of sentences in the stack drops significantly as the translation time increases .
the results of our model are presented in table 5 . our model outperforms all the models on all metrics except music map and p @ 5 . on the other hand , the best performing model is spon , which results in significantly better interpretability .
shown in table 1 , the embedding similarity scores between the real and the target output are very similar in terms of the number of iterations in the output list . however , in the more realistic scenario , our model performs slightly worse than the two previous methods .
table 6 , we also include roc , dan and ewc for models that perform well on the hard and hard datasets . we also include the roc of models that do not need to be trained on hard datasets . bilstm even gets worse roc than [ bold ] sst and cnn , but it is comparable on amazon . the ewc model is comparable to the best on the hard dataset .
as can be seen , the following table 4 shows , the quality of the answers for gold standard gold standard dialogue is relatively high , which indicates that the gold standard discourse contains good interpretability . additionally , the observed agreement ( ao ) between questions and answers is relatively low , indicating that there is a need to design more complicated gold standard dialogues .
table 6 , we report the results of our model on the two datasets in table 6 . our model outperforms both the original and the deflated models on both datasets . inceptionfixed was the better performing under - represented model , while the injected model was the more stable one . we observe that the accuracy gap between the injected and injected models is narrower than the gap between injected and uninceptionfixed models , indicating that the model performs well in the realistic settings .
table 7 , we report the results of pre - training of our models with different starting and end - of - speech targets . our model outperforms both ga and bleu by a significant margin . we observe that starting and ending the models with the same level of performance consistently outperform the baseline .
table 1 , we show large - scale text classification data sets on sogou news and english news categorization datasets . our model achieves a 4 . 2x improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model on ag news , with a drop of 3x in task performance . as expected , the sogou news dataset is significantly larger than the english news classification data set , which shows the impact of language adaptation .
table 6 , we show the results of our model on the ag and sogou datasets . our model outperforms all the models except sememnn - abs on both datasets .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table ii . all models except for the pre - trained models are average but slightly better than the average for all the other models . we also observe that pre - training models have higher bleu scores than the non - pre - trained model . the results are summarized in tables ii and iii . all prefix models are slightly worse than average .
the results of the second study are shown in table 2 . hosseini et al . al . the model achieves the best performance on both datasets with a gap of 2 . 3 points in the average il score compared to the previous state - of - the - art . similarly , for roy et al . , we achieve the same level of performance .
table 1 , the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of woz 2 . 0 corpus is reported in table 1 . the bert + rnn + ontology model outperforms the slot - independent sumbt and gce nouri and hosseini - asl ( 2018 ) by a large margin .
table 2 , we report the joint accuracy ( joint goal accuracy ) on the evaluation dataset of multiwoz corpus . the results are presented in table 2 . our proposed sumbt method obtains a joint goal accuracy ( i . e . , 0 . 3557 ) and a drop of 0 . 0187 on the validation dataset .
the results of fine - tuned bert and transfer filler ( rte ) are shown in table 4 . the model outperforms all the state - of - the - art transfer models except bert , rte and tnli . transfer bert also outperforms the best transfer model . however , the gain from finetuning the model is less pronounced when using the full set of features .
the results of fine - tuned bert and transfer filler ( rte ) are shown in table 4 . the model outperforms all the state - of - the - art transfer models except bert . transfer bert , rte and bert have achieved high accuracy on the validation set . however , the gain from finetuning the model is less pronounced when the transfer set is applied to a new domain . with respect to transfer filler , we also note the accuracy drop from the true target to false target .
table 1 , we can show the results of different transfer models using the hubert transfer role ( tcr ) framework . our model achieves the best results with a false target corpus score ( 95 . 20 % ) and a bert acc . of 96 . 20 % on the test set compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model .
the results of the second study are shown in table 9 . the first study shows that the presence of unigrams of words in the documents actually hurts the model , as measured by the mortality auroc score of the icd - 9 model , weighted by the number of recalls per label , and the percentage of instances with no notes in the input documents . these results show that there is a significant margin for error in the model when removing all the words from the documents that cause the death sentence to be computed .
table 2 , we report the performance of our method and the results of re - training on the mnli datasets . our model achieves the highest performance on both datasets , with an average of 82 . 5 % f1 score compared to bert12 .
table 2 , we can see that the adabert - mrpc model outperforms the best state - of - the - art models on every metric , including the mrpc and qqp .
table 4 , we show that for every 4 - step model , there are 4 models that perform better than the others .
4 shows the effect of the additional cost term on knowledge loss . our model outperforms all the base - kd models except for those using l [ italic ] ce .
the results of bert and sota3 are shown in table 2 . bert significantly outperforms sota2 in both categories , however it is still superior in f1 ↑ and corr ↑ .
the results of rl model are shown in table 1 . inference times in ms are measured in terms of the number of iterations of attention , gaussian mask and rl model . rl model significantly improves the performance for all models except for those with 4 - 7 iterations . we observe that the performance drop from 4 - 8 iterations to those with 8 - 11 iterations is very low . gaussian mask alone does not improve the performance ,
results are shown in table 3 . the best performing classifier is omniglot , which achieves the highest me score . however , it performs slightly worse than imagenet , both for the number of images in the dataset and for the me score as well .
table 6 , we show the results for en - de and out - of - fr compared to random , soft - att , and hotflip . the results are summarized in table 6 . with the exception of hotflips , blstm achieved the best results with a 31 . 8 % success rate compared to 28 . 2 % on the similar test set in burkhard - keller et al . ( 2017 ) . the success rate of the random approach is very similar to that of the best - performing baselines ( hochreiter et al . , 2017 ) except for the case of hot flip , which results in a better interpretability .
table 2 , we show the results for both en - de and out - of - domain models . the results are presented in table 2 . we observe that the best performing model is soft - att , which eliminates the need to rely on random ensembling .
table 6 , we show the results for both the en - de and out - of - de setups . the results are presented in table 6 . we observe that the best performing model is soft - att , which eliminates the need to rely on random ensembling .
table 2 , we show the percentage of instances that are noised as a function of the proportion of bitext data that is noised . the results are shown in table 2 . for the two exceptions , we see that only 0 . 5 % of instances are still classified as noised , which means that they are more likely to be classified as low - frequency .
table 1 , we compare our model with the previous stateof - the - art on the forward models dev and the noisedbt dev . the results are presented in table 1 . our proposed method improves the results on the enro dataset by 10 . 8 % on the f1 score compared to the previous best state - of - art .
table 6 , we show the results for both bitext and noisedbt datasets . in terms of accuracy , we observe that noisedbt is comparable to the original bt model , but is inferior in terms of recall . in fact , the difference between accuracy on both datasets is narrower than those on the other two datasets .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . we observe that the noisedbt baseline outperforms all the classifiers except for the two that do not use the word " b * tch " . as can be seen , the disparity between the performance of b * tch and p3bt baseline is very small , with an asr score of 0 . 5 and 0 . 6 indicating that the model is trained on a low - supervision setting . as these results show , the use of asr scores indicates that the syntactic patterns captured by the models are sophisticated enough to learn the hidden meanings of a sentence .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . our proposed model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on both avg and taggedbt datasets . we observe that the pretrainedbt model performs better on average compared to the pre - taggedbt model , with an overall improvement of 2 . 8 points .
shown in table 9 , the source - target overlap for both back - translated and unlabeled data is highest on bitext and bt datasets , while the overlap for bt data is lower . the resulting cross - dataset overlap is caused by the high overlap of unigram and bt datasets , which can be seen in the table 9 .
table i shows the distribution of the samples among different classes of the reuters - 8 dataset . for each class of the dataset , we provide the number of samples and the percentage of return these numbers are shown in tables i and ii .
table 6 , we report the accuracy of our model with respect to the deviation baseline on w2v and m2v . the results are presented in table 6 . our model obtains a significant improvement over the state - of - the - art model on both datasets with a gap of 1 . 56x in performance compared to the previous state of the art model . tf - msm also achieves a slight improvement over our model , but still performs slightly worse than our original model .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . all models trained on the table 1 outperform the state - of - the - art on all but one of the comparisons . the exception is errant , which performs better on three out of the four scenarios . we observe that epmr is more stable than conll - 2014 and m2 .
shown in table iii , a buyer or seller of a product can make an offer to buy or buy a product from a third source .
table 6 , antichat product and hack forums the results of models trained on prec and f1 datasets are shown in table 6 . since these tools only work on one domain , we used only unsupervised models to model the models used on the hack forums . these models perform well on both datasets with f1 and rq1 .
3 shows the results for semantic similarity and max . the results are shown in table 3 . semantic similarity and max are statistically significant under all three scenarios , with the exception of entailment . the difference is most prevalent in text classification , with a gap of 3 . 5 points in mean and 2 . 6 points in max . entailedment is the most representative of semantic similarity , with an overall improvement of 2 . 8 points .
the results of metrics and p @ 10 are shown in table 5 . the best performances on map metric are obtained using snli fine - tuned bert embedding . the snli model outperforms all the pre - trained bert embeddings on all metrics except p @ 5 . additionally , the best performance on the metrics metric is obtained using the best bertembedding model .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . the best performing arman word is the peyma word . on the other hand , the best performance is seen in experiment 2 , where our model achieves an overall improvement of 15 . 03 points over the previous state of the art .
table 1 , we show the performance of our model in domain 1 and in out domain . our model achieves the best results with a f1 score of 91 . 7 / 71 . 1 on the test data 1 and a roc score of 87 . 9 / 87 . 1 . when using morphobert in domain , the results are presented in table 1 . the results are summarized in terms of f1 scores of 1 and 1 in domain ( 87 . 5 vs 87 . 5 ) , respectively , for the two scenarios in which the model is tested .
3 shows the medical device score of kingdom and mouse compared to the previous state - of - the - art model on the sports rehab machine and on the medical robot score of the kingdom . the results are summarized in table 3 . we can observe that for each of the three domains our model has achieved the best score on both the basic metrics .
table 2 , we compare bilstm with other state - of - the - art models that do not use word - level network models . the results are summarized in table 2 . our model improves upon the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points on the evaluation ofboldness in the network and on the language adaptation task .
table 2 , we show the results of our model on the cnn : rand and cnn : wtp datasets . the results are summarized in table 2 . we can see that our model improves upon the strong lemma - based cnn model on both mt and wtp datasets by 3 . 8 points .
table 2 , we report the results for all features except for the concatenated ones . all features show a slight improvement over the strong lemma baseline on all features . however , we notice a drop in performance across all features , from the all features to the last one . this highlights the extent to which concatenation of features can impact the results of selecting features .
results of our model are shown in table 2 . our model achieves the best results with an accuracy of 98 . 45 % on the nlu compared to the golve baseline .
4 shows that the informativeness of the answers provided by our model is high , and that the accuracy obtained by the model is good .
table 2 , we compare our approach with unsupervised ir baselines on three different continents . our joint model outperforms both the previous state - of - the - art on all three of these benchmarks . the results are summarized in table 2 .
table 6 , we show the results of replacing most of the missing documents with ones that are already in the language lexical domain .
table 4 , we compare our model with the previous stateof - the - art models . the difference is most prevalent in relation to the origin and destination of the documents , as the agent interacts with the same entity as the model , whereas the origin / origin / origin are different for the different domain .
table 5 , we show the results of cross - lingual evaluation using our ub embeddings as the global ranker . the results are summarized in table 5 .
the results of our model are shown in table 7 . our model achieves the best results on both metric metrics with a gap of 0 . 7 points from the previous state of the art model .
table 6 , we present the results of our model on the bilstm and ub datasets . the results are presented in table 6 . our model outperforms both the previous state - of - the - art models on both datasets .
table 6 , we report results on the model and development set , with text as the baseline while bert as the pre - training set . the results are summarized in table 6 . our model outperforms all the other models with a gap of 0 . 5 - 0 . 88 on the bert and ewc datasets , while the gap between text and development sets at 0 . 86 .
table 2 , we report results on the development and development baselines , compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . the results are summarized in table 2 . our model achieves the best results on both datasets , with a f - score of 0 . 005 on the test set , and a bouge score of 1 . 01 . the results of applying the fear / prejudice baseline to each domain is slightly better than the previous best baseline ,
table 6 , we compare our model with other models using the same relevance metric the results are presented in table 6 . our model obtains a lower ranking than the previous best model on three of the four datasets , as the table 6 shows , adapting the relevance metric to the new dataset results in a better ranking . however , the results are slightly worse than those obtained using map , indicating that the model has poor recall ability .
the results of experiment 1 are shown in table 4 . the models trained on the bib - bib7 model outperform all previous models except for nayak et al . ( 2016 ) and faruqui and dyer ( 2017 ) . the results show that the semantic features of the layers layer are superior to the syntactic ones of the original models .
table 6 , we provide an ablation term for some of the drugs described in table 6 . these terms apply to the cases of glioblastoma and copd , as described in section 6 . they apply to all cases except for those in the u . s . where the drug is used .
table 6 , we compare our model with original data from rmse and rmse . our model yields significantly better results than svm ( original ) on both data and the original ones . the results are summarized in table 6 .
table 2 , we replicate the results of size and gutenberg ( see table 2 ) . the results are summarized in tables 2 . size outperforms both the baseline strategies on each corpora with randomly sampled target difficulties .
table 2 , we present the results of " easy " and " hard " measures of t - italic anditalic significance . the results are summarized in table 2 . surprisingly , for both types of sel , the difference between the difficulty and the hard ones is less pronounced .
table 2 , we show the results of models using lexicon and f1 - m word embeddings , compared to framenet . with lexicon , the results are slightly better than those obtained on the data baseline , we observe that framenet significantly outperforms the f1 models with lexicon as a baseline , however , it has the advantage of having lexicon in the final set as well .
table 2 , we show the results of models using bleu - 1 , bleu - 2 and cider decoding . our model outperforms all the methods except for cnn + att , which shows the importance of cross - entropy learning .
table 2 , we report results for the incorrect andouge - 2 sets as well as the out - of - sample sets for each set . our system outperforms both pgc see and ggc see17 on both metric metrics . the results are summarized in table 2 . our fas chen18 model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we trained on chen18 .
table 2 , we report results on the " bold " and " incor " models , respectively , compared to val . the results are presented in table 2 . note that the difference between val and val are statistically significant with respect to the original embeddings , i . e . , that the model that appears in the pre - trained state of the art may have a significant impact on the model ' s performance .
table 2 shows the french contraction rules for lequel and duquel . for lequel , we use the ensembles of lesquels and de laquel , as explained in table 2 . these consist of 10 components : de lequel → duquel , de lesqueles → auxquels , and of the 10 components of the japanese word analogy , which are used in the production ofempty .
3 presents the results of joint bibless and lear [ vulic : 2018naaclps ] model . the results are presented in table 3 . disjoint setup of these models results in the gap of . 905 sg and . 957 gl scores . we can further see that the proposed joint model performs better than the disjoint model on both the gl and the bleu benchmarks .
table 6 , we compare our model against the best performing spanish - language ones . our model achieves the best results across all three languages , with the exception of english , where the results are slightly worse .
the results are shown in table 8 . the results of applying the conll - 2012 test set and the stanford rule - based model achieve the best results . as can be seen , the results are slightly worse than those obtained using cort and lemma embeddings . however , the difference is less pronounced when applying the pre - trained model to a new dataset ,
results of random regression are shown in table 1 . the mse model predicts exactly the predictions on the test set , and the r2 metric is slightly higher than experiment 1 .
results on ccat10 and blogs50 are shown in table iii . pos - cnn significantly outperforms other syntactic representations on both datasets , however it is comparable on the ccat50 dataset . note that pos - han is more stable and therefore requires fewer training examples to compile .
iv shows the performance of all the baselines except ccat10 and blogs50 . the results are presented in table iv . syntactic - han outperforms the lexical baseline on three of the four benchmarks . on the ccat50 dataset , it achieves a comparable performance to the syntactic baseline . however , the results are slightly worse on the three baselines .
shown in table v , the accuracy of different fusion approaches is significantly improved when we only consider ccat10 and blog50 as inputs , compared to the performance of ccat50 , which is more than 50 % more stable .
table 50 , we compare our approach to the previous state - of - the - art approaches on ccat10 , blogs50 and ccat50 . the results are presented in table 50 . cnn - affix - punctuation 3 - grams improves accuracy by 2 . 8 points , while the continuous n - gram improves by 3 . 5 points . note that the reduction of dependency on syntactic or semantic information is small , but it is significant , as it increases accuracy by 1 . 4 points in a sentence .
the results of svm compared to [ italic ] c + [ rbl ] rbl are shown in table 2 . we observe that the svm model outperforms all the other methods except glove - svm models in terms of performance on both metrics . the difference is most prevalent in ns f1 , when compared with svm ( which performs similarly on both datasets ) .
table 2 , we show the performance of svm with theitalic c + [ italic ] rbl layer on top of the unigram layer of the network . the results are presented in table 2 . with respect to ns f1 score , we observe that the svm model outperforms all the other methods except glove - svm models in terms of training distance .
table 6 , we report the results of random selection on the test set of precision and rqa in table 6 . our proposed method improves upon the state - of - the - art model by 3 . 8 points in f - score .
table 6 , we report the results of random selection on the test set of precision and rqa in table 6 . our proposed method improves upon the state - of - the - art model by 3 . 8 points in f - score .
table 6 , we report the f - score of our speaker dependent model on the test set of concerning precision and f - score . our model obtains a competitive improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model on all three metrics . speaker dependencyent , on the other hand , gets a lower f - score . the difference between the two is due to the different context of the model , which underscores the importance of context in improving the task formulation .
